Phoebe: (she enters) Hey...
Rachel: Hi!
Ross: Pheebs, what's wrong?
Phoebe: Oh, I'm just so exhausted from dragging around this...    (she shows her ring) HUGE engagement ring!
Rachel: My God!
Joey: Hey!
Rachel: Congratulations! Wow!!
Ross: So, did he get on one knee, did he have a speech prepared,    or (in a tender way) did he cry? (the guys look at him) Yeah, big surprise,    I like proposals!
Phoebe: Well, it was really sweet, and like the   most romantic thing ever.
Joey: Well, hey! Well... (he takes his mug to toast Phoebe)    Here's to Phoebe, who's found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and...    (a bit uncertain) I wanna say Mike? (pause) To Phoebe and Mike!
Phoebe: Thank you! (to Rachel) Oh, and I have something for    you!
Rachel: Mmh-mmh!
Phoebe: It's, yes, my little black book. It's got the numbers    of all the guys I've dated.
Rachel: Oh, Pheebs, baby, that's nice but, you know what,    I think I'm ok. Why don't you give it to one of your other single girlfriends?
Phoebe: I would, but you're the last one.
Rachel: (angrily) GIVE ME THE BOOK! (she takes it and start    reading) Pablo Diaz, Brady Smith, huh, "Guy-in-van"?
Phoebe: Oh, my first love!
Rachel: Oh!
Monica: What does the red X next to Bob Greenmore's name mean?
Phoebe: Dead. (everyone is a bit upset) Oh, it's OK, no,   he  was old, yeah! And he lived a full life, he was in the first wave   at Omaha Beach.
Chandler: Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my    black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin.    With Janice's phone number on it.
Rachel: Phoebe, isn't Jethro Tull a band?
Phoebe: (proud of herself) Oh yes, they are.  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene
Chandler: (he enters) Hey honey!
Joey: (Looking inside the fridge, and we only see his back.    Then he closes the door, and we see it's Joey.) Hi sweetie!
Chandler: Is Monica not here?
Joey: No.
Chandler: Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for   a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial!
Joey: Cool!
Chandler: Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas    were mine! (silence) Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were   mine!!!
Joey: That's great! Hey, can you cast me in it?
Chandler: Oh... I don't know, I really don't think you're    right for the part.
Joey: What do you mean? I can do anything, I'm a chameleon!    Huh? (he mimes an old man with a beard) I'm old! (then he yawns) I'm tired!    (then he mimes someone who's hot...) Hey, I'm hot (...and cold) I'm cold!! Huh??    Come on! What can't I do?
Chandler: First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think    you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor.
Joey: I can do that! (in a deeper voice) "Hello, I'm    your professor. When I'm not busy thinking of important things or... professing.    I like to use..." Oh, what's the product?
Chandler: Software that facilitates inter-business networking    e-solutions?
Joey: (after a long pause he starts miming again) I'm cold!    [Scene
Ross: (to Charlie) Hey!
Ross: Guess who's a finalist for a huge research   grant!  I'll give you a hint, he's looking right at you.
Ross: Oh, I'm so excited, I mean, apparently I beat out hundreds    of other applicants, included five guys I went to graduate school with. Not      that I'm keeping score or anything... five!
Ross: Well, ok, it's for 25 thousand dollars. And if I get    it, I'll finally be able to complete my field research! And there    will be  an article about me in the "Paleontology Review"! Yeah!    That'll be  the first time my name is in there, without people raising serious    questions    about my work!
Ross: Yeah. Why?
Ross: Your ex-boyfriend?
Ross: So, your ex-boyfriend is gonna determine if your new    boyfriend gets this grant? Wow, your new boyfriend is screwed!
Ross: Well, if you think it would help.
Ross: Ok, now, is there anything I can do to... you know,    butter him up? Anything he really likes?
Ross: We'll see how dinner goes.   [Scene
Phoebe: (looking at Monica entering) Hey!
Monica: Hey, you wanna go to see a movie?
Phoebe: Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing    out stuff, so Mike could move in.
Monica: Oh, right.
Phoebe: Yeah.
Monica: Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you    with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker!
Phoebe: Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did   you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together?
Monica: Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you  to give  up?
Phoebe: A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me    to get rid of Gladys.
Monica: Who's Gladys? (Phoebe shows her a horrific painting    with a half-a-body girl dummy coming out of the frame. Monica's frightened and    she gasps.) Oh! What a tragic loss!
Phoebe: Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh,   I know!! Oh, you should take her!
Monica: (faking happiness) Well, I-I-I-I... I don't know...
Phoebe: Why, you don't like her?
Monica: Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll    take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too    easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her!
Phoebe: Really? You think?
Monica: Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry    Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!"
Phoebe: Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just    realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her.
Monica: Damn it, I did not think this through!  [Scene
Chandler: Hey you guys.
Rachel: Hi!
Joey: Oh! Any word on casting yet?
Chandler: Joe, I told you, you're just not right for    the part.
Joey: What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor    you'd buy some kind of e-crap from?
Rachel: I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna    be interested in. Joey (to Chandler)
Chandler: Joe...
Joey: Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't    pass it on to your bosses!
Chandler: Fine!
Joey: Thank you. (he sits down)
Chandler: Work, Joe!
Joey: Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to Rachel)
Joey: Just pass it to your boss!
Chandler: He's not right for the part. So if I suggest    him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should    learn on their own!
Rachel: Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked    it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and    they're the bad guys.
Chandler: That's good! I liked it, they didn't.    (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake,    go to work! (Joey runs away).  [Scene
Ross: I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart.    I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner    party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley    or C3PO?
Ross: Well, I... I am having a good hair day.
Ross: I'm ok.
Ross: It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell    you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,    (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of    the reasons I got into the field.
Ross: No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image,    you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz,    mmm.
Ross: Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert.
Ross: See, there are still several areas that haven't    been fully excavated.
Ross: What?
Ross: Did you just say "break up with Charlie"?
Ross: Kind of inappropriate, don't you think?
Ross: Are you serious?
Ross: No!
Phoebe: Hi! Sorry, I'm late.
Monica: Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you    keep the painting?
Phoebe: No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me    keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news    is, Gladys is yours!
Monica: Wow, what's the bad news!
Rachel: Who's Gladys?
Phoebe: Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know,    with the woman coming out of the frame.
Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her?   In her house? I am so jealous!
Phoebe: Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too!
Monica: Huh!
Rachel: Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already    gave that to Monica, so...
Monica: You know, I would give her up, for you.
Rachel: No, I couldn't let you do that.
Monica: But I want to.
Rachel: But I don't want you to.
Monica: But I insist!
Rachel: But I insist harder!
Phoebe: Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads,    she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the    coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours!
Monica: No, that landed in your food!
Rachel: (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair    and square. I'm so sad!  [Scene
Chandler: Hey Joe!
Joey: What's up?
Chandler: Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along    to my bosses and they weren't interested.
Joey: (sounds disappointed) Oh.
Chandler: (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man.
Joey: (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched    the tape?
Chandler: (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey    continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it.    Stupid sons of bitches!
Joey: (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape.
Chandler: (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did!
Joey: Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me?
Chandler: I'm not lying to you, I watched it!
Joey: Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room    and is observing the conversation)
Chandler: I watched it!
Joey: Keep going Pinocchio!
Chandler: (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did!
Joey: (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards    his room)
Chandler: (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape.    (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face)
Rachel: Did you watch the tape?
Chandler:(In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone)    No!  [Scene
Ross: (Rolls his eyes) I guess!
Ross: (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I...    (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question")
Ross: (annoyed) May 12th?
Ross: (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.
Ross: Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my    questions have anything to do with Paleontology.
Ross: (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur".
Ross: (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it    correctly) B - O - S ...
Ross: Oh come on!!  [Scene
Chandler: I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar!
Rachel: But you are a liar.
Chandler: What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room)
Joey: You still here?
Chandler: Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am    insulted. When I tell somebody I did something...
Joey: Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok?    First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about    lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying    about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in    the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying!
Chandler: Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape?
Joey: (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why?    (goes back into his room)
Rachel: Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried)
Joey: (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't    watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this    tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I    got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play    and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The
Joey: (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you    didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door).  (Silence)
Chandler: He really is a chameleon.  [Scene
Phoebe: (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to    your new home! (she holds out the 'painting')
Monica: (faking happiness) Oh, my!
Rachel: (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh,    she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh    so proudly? (looks around for a spot)
Monica: (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to    do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet!
Rachel: Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to    the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be    the first thing that you see when you walk in the door!
Phoebe: (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can    get rid of that French poster.
Monica: (offended) I like that poster!
Phoebe: Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it.    Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom?
Rachel: (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's    nothing above your bed!!
Monica: (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here? [Scene
Ross: Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology    related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling)    Aunt Margaret's pants size?
Ross: (Sarcastic) No! Stop!
Ross: (Skeptical) Really?
Ross: I have to break up with Charlie?
Ross: You're crazy.
Ross: Crazy!
Ross: (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)  [Scene
Rachel: O-oh my God!
Joey: (enters from his bedroom) What?
Rachel: Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here?
Joey: I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very    reasonable price.
Rachel: Joey, we're not keeping this!
Joey: But it's an original Buffay...
Rachel: Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't    mind that she's haunted.
Joey: Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!?
Rachel: Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive    when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys    and back.)
Rachel: She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body    across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice)    And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your    doorknob.
Joey: GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters    Monica's apartment.)
Monica: Hey! I sold that to Joey.
Rachel: Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at    this game. (gives Gladys to Monica)
Monica: No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes    the painting back to Rachel)
Rachel: Yes I can! (pushes her back again)
Monica: No you can't. She's yours!
Rachel: She's yours!
Monica: SHE'S YOURS!
Rachel: She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters)
Phoebe: Hey! (there's a pause)
Rachel: She's mine!
Monica: She's m-i-i-ne!
Rachel: She's mine!
Monica: She's mine!
Phoebe: You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her    anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous    painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress    and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls    are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are    gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.)
Rachel: I want Gladys!
Monica: She's mine!
Rachel: She's mine!
Monica: She's mine!
Rachel: She's mine! [Scene
Chandler: Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And    I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part    or not.
Joey: That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you    lied.
Chandler: I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you    to forgive me?  [Scene
Monica: Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue    Ichiban lipstick!)
Rachel: Excellent!
Joey: Now, what do you say?
Chandler: Lying is wrong!
Joey: And?... AND?
Chandler: I'm a pretty little girl.
Phoebe: I knew it!  [Scene
Ross: Your ex-boyfriend is insane.
Ross: No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your    ex-boyfriend is still in love with you.
Ross: Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't    give you up.
Ross: Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review,    who was the voice of "Underdog"?
Ross: If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay?    I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question.
Ross: Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do    you spell Mboscodictiosaur?
Ross: Damnit!  [Scene
Ross: I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you    tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the    voice of Underdog!
Ross: No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in    the eyes, and tell her the truth.
Ross: Too little, too late, Benji!
Ross: (indignant) No!
Ross: What?
Ross: or...
Ross: Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a    little uncomfortable.
Ross: Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE!    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene
Joey: Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics    and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is    lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)
Rachel: Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not    get old.
Joey: You're mean!
Rachel: Oh, don't be such a baby! (She closes his door again, and turns around. Then she starts screaming, terrified.    There is Glynnis... And Monica holding her up, laughing.)  end
