Joey: Hey guys!
Monica: Hey, let me tell them!
Joey: Sure.
Monica: Joey is gonna be a celebrity guest on a game show!
Phoebe: Great!
Ross: Really? Which one?
Monica: (stopping Joey from answering) Ohh! Fish, seaweed, a sunken ship.
Ross: Things you find in the ocean, (to Joey) You're gonna be on "Pyramid"!!
Monica: Oh, that was our favourite game show ever!
Ross: Except for "Match game"...
Monica: Or "Win, Lose or Draw".
Chandler: What did I marry into?
Joey: Would you guys want to come down tomorrow and watch me tape the show?
Monica: Oh, I can't. We're throwing Phoebe a bachelorette party.
Phoebe: Yeah, sorry boys, this ride's closing.
Ross: Oh, and Chandler and I have this stupid college alumni thing. I can't believe you get to meet Donny Osmond.
Joey: Seriously?
Ross: (very excited) Yeah-uh!
Monica: Ross and I always wanted to be Donny and Marie.
Chandler: You guys just keep getting cooler and cooler!
Monica: Yeah, we used to perform for our family and friends.
Rachel: Oh God, that's right. I blocked that out.
Monica: (singing) "I'm a little bit country"...
Ross: (singing) "...and I'm a little bit rock 'n' roll"!
Chandler: (to Monica) I'm leaving you.  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene
Ross: So weird to see all these people again... Oh my God, look, there's Geoffrey Cleric.
Chandler: Who?
Ross: He was roommates with John Rosoff. He went out with Andrea Tamburino. She dumped him for Michael Skloff.
Chandler: (looking around) Did I go to this school?
Ross: Hey, there's Missy Goldberg. You gotta remember her.
Chandler: (looks over at her) Sure, nice.
Ross: Dude. You're married to my sister.
Chandler: You're right, by saying "nice" I'm virtually licking her.
Ross: Hey, I hear she's single again, d'you think I should ask her out?
Chandler: Are you asking permission to break the pact?
Ross: Yes please.   [Flashback, year 1987. Chandler enters the school's corridor. Ross is hanging some flyers on the wall. Both have a funny 80s hair and clothes.]
Ross: Hey. Hey, check out the flyers for the band. I made 'em on a Macintosh in the computer room!
Chandler: Awesome, the name really stands out.
Ross: Thanks to a little something called "Helvetica Bold 24 point"!
Chandler: Man, we're gonna rock that Asian student union!
Chandler: Hey!
Ross: Hey, Missy...
Chandler: You know, our band is playing on Friday.
Ross: Yeah, yeah. You should come check us out. We're called "Way! No Way!".
Ross: Way!
Chandler: Fresh!
Ross: Boss!
Chandler: Mint!
Ross: She's gone.
Chandler: I know it. You know, I'm totally gonna ask her out.
Ross: Dude, I was gonna ask her out.
Chandler: I said it first, bro.
Ross: Well, I thought it first, Holmes.
Chandler: (angrily) Look, if you did...
Ross: Woha! Wait... What are we doing? What we have is too important to mess it up over some girl. I mean, we can get laid anytime we want.
Chandler: Totally. I had sex in High school...
Ross: Me too. I'm good at it.
Chandler: All right, I'd say we make a pact. Neither of us will go out with Missy Goldberg.
Ross: You got it.
Chandler: All right, so that's Missy Goldberg, Phoebe Cates and Molly Ringwald, who neither of us can go out with.
Ross: Those are the pacts!
Chandler: Oh, and Sheena Easton. But we probably couldn't get her anyway.
Ross: Oh, oh... maybe not you!   [We get back to the Class of '91 reunion, where Ross and Chandler are still looking at Missy.]
Chandler: Well, I officially give you permission to break the pact.
Ross: Thank you. (they shake hands) All right, here I go. Hey, remember how scary it used to be going up to girls in college?
Chandler: Your hands are shaking.
Ross: I know, and I can't stop sweating. (he walks towards Missy)   [Scene
Joey: (to Gene) I know it could be intimidating for regular people to be around celebrities but... relax, I'm just like you! (pause) Only better looking and richer.
Joey: (on the screen there's the word "Supermarket") Uhm... ok. It's a store, like a supermarket. (there is a sound indicating he made a mistake as he shouldn't have said 'supermarket'. The next word appears, "notebook") Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah, ok, ok, uhm... I'm writing in my...
Joey: Noo, (whispering) more like a notebook... Damn it! (next word
Joey: Yeah! But that is not what they're looking for. (time's finished) OOOH!   [Scene
Phoebe: (to Rachel) Thank you so much for this.
Rachel: Oh, d'you like it?
Phoebe: Oh my God, it's all so elegant! When's the dirty stuff starting?
Rachel: What?
Phoebe: You know, the strippers, and the guys dancing, and you know, pee-pee's flying about.
Rachel: Pheebs, I... there isn't gonna be any flying about! We actually thought we were a little too mature for stuff like that.
Phoebe: Oh, ok. I see what you're doing, that's fine. This is all there is, just tea, uh, ok. (she drinks her tea) Hmmmm... raunchy!
Rachel: Seriously Pheebs, it's not gonna be that kind of a party.
Phoebe: Really? So this is... this is my big send off in the married life? Rachel this is the only bachelorette party I'm ever gonna have! I've got a big wad of ones in my purse! Really? I mean, really? It's just tea?
Rachel: Nooo! Phoebe, of course there is more! I mean, I'll just go and talk to Monica and get an ETA on the pee-pee's!   [Scene
Joey: Ahaha, he might as well just give us the points.
Joey: A spoon. Your hands. Your face!
Joey: Paper, snow, a ghost!
Joey: A rock, a dog, the earth.
Joey: Salami, anchovies, jam!
Joey: Paper, snow, a ghost!
Joey: Chickens?
Joey: Oh! (The third word is ketchup)
Joey: Ketchup!
Joey: Relish!
Joey: Oh.
Joey: Yeah...
Joey: Oh, so we didn't win, but it's fun to play the game, right?
Joey: Oh, wow! I'm so sorry, ok? I promise, we'll do better next time!
Joey: Hey, you know, some of those are pretty hard! Like why would there be a ghost in my fridge? (pause). Yeah!   [Scene
Ross: So, Saturday night!
Ross: Great!
Ross: Oh, well, uh, this is gonna sound kinda silly, but, do you remember my roommate Chandler Bing?
Ross: It's been sixteen years but the air quotes still hurt.
Ross: That's ok. Uh, anyway, well he and I both really liked you a lot, uhm, but we didn't want anything to jeopardize our friendship, so we kinda made a pact, that neither of us could ask you out!
Ross: Yeah, why?
Ross: You did?
Ross: (angrily) AND ON MY TURF?   [Scene
Monica: (to Rachel) Hey, where is this guy, it's been over an hour!
Rachel: Well, he's coming from Jersey, he said he would get here as fast as he could! (someone knocks at the door)
Monica: Who is it?
Rachel: (pretends to be shocked) Uh! The police!
Phoebe: (Excited, running back to her seat) Oh!
Monica: What's the matter, officer? Has someone been bad? (looks over to Phoebe and she opens the door, and to their dismay, the stripper is an old, short, fat guy who looks exhausted) Roy, the male
Monica: Are you gonna be ok, officer, uhm,...
Monica: ...If-you-say-so.
Phoebe: Oh, God!
Phoebe: Rachel?
Rachel: Yeah?
Phoebe: Are you kidding?
Rachel: All right, look, we did not know that you wanted a stripper so we went to the phonebook and we got the first name we could find!
Phoebe: How old is your phonebook?
Monica: Oh my God, this man is gonna get naked in my apartment!
Phoebe: Oh God no, I don't wanna see him take his clothes off!
Monica: Oh, no! I mean, obviously we want to see you take your clothes off! You big piece of eye candy!
Phoebe: This is how I look when I'm turned on!
Phoebe: Shocking!
Phoebe: Three hundred dollars, are you kidding?
Rachel: No, that's ok, let's me just get my check book!
Phoebe: No, you're not gonna pay him, he didn't do anything!
Phoebe: I don't care. We're not paying you 300 dollars for this.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, okay. I'm uptight. Yeah, that's why I don't want to watch a middle aged guy dance around in what I can only assume is a child halloween costume! (turns to look at Monica and Rachel who look like they feel very sorry for the stripper)
Phoebe: I'm sorry, did you say all man or old man?
Monica: (walks towards Phoebe and the stripper) Uh, look, officer... uhm Sir...
Joey: (To Henrietta) My friend Rachel has a kid. I totally know nursery rhymes! (makes a thumbs up sign)
Joey: Oh, .. uh... uh... pass. (Next
Joey: Oh, then pass. (Next
Ross: (To Chandler) You made out with Missy Goldberg. How could you do that, after you promised me? (Chandler looks at the other two guys, embarrassed)
Chandler: (to the two guys) Excuse me. (Chandler and Ross move away from them). That didn't make us sound gay at all!
Ross: You broke the pact!
Chandler: Ross, that was 16 years ago!
Ross: That doesn't matter! We're talking about the foundation of our friendship.
Chandler: I believe the foundation of our friendship was unfortunate hair. (Ross just stares at him) All right, look, if we're really gonna do this... it's not like you never broke one of the pacts.
Ross: I didn't.
Chandler: Oh really?
Ross: No.
Chandler: Oh really!?
Ross: NO!
Chandler: ADRIENNE TURNER!! (A girl behind them turns around)
Ross: Hey! Hey Adrienne. (They move away from her)
Ross: I never did anything with Adrienne Turner.
Chandler: Oh please, and you knew how much I liked her.
Ross: I don't know what... you're talking about.
Chandler: Really?   [Flashback
Monica: I can't believe we are at a real college party! (Rachel laughs excitedly) I have to pee so bad!
Rachel: This is so awesome! College guys are so cute!
Monica: Hey, you've got a boyfriend!
Rachel: I know. But if some guy who looks like Corey Haim wants to kiss me tonight, I'm sooo gonna let them! (They spot Chandler)
Monica: Look, there's Chandler. You knew, that stupid friend of Ross'. Said I'm fat. You know I've already lost 4 pounds!
Rachel: It... You can so totally tell.
Monica: I KNOW!
Rachel: Well lets see. Maybe he knows where Ross is. (They walk towards Chandler) Hey, how's it going (tries to look as un-interested in him as possible - checking out her nails).
Chandler: Aren't you...?
Rachel: Yeah, Rachel. And this (points to Monica) is Ross' sister, Monica. We met at Thanksgiving. (looks around the room as if searching for something more interesting to do).
Chandler: (smiling at Monica) Right. (to Rachel) So how're you doing?
Rachel: Bitchin'
Chandler: Hi Monica.
Monica: Hi Chandler. It's really nice to see you (rolls her eyes) NOT. (she and Rachel giggle a little and Chandler looks unimpressed)
Chandler: O-kay. I'll see if I can find Ross. (Goes off to find Ross.)
Monica: Oh my God Rach. Bean bag chairs.
Rachel: Oh.
Monica: Do NOT let me sit in one of those. We'll be here for days. (Cut to Chandler. He's walking around looking for Ross. He sees him kissing a girl next to a vending machine)
Ross: Listen Adrienne, you can't tell Chandler about this.
Ross: Cool! (They start kissing again and Chandler looks shocked)   [Scene
Ross: I didn't know you knew about that.
Chandler: Well, I did and it hurt. (they walk towards the bar) That's when I wrote the
Ross: (looks disappointed in himself) Man... I... I'm sorry.
Chandler: Look (hands him a drink) it was a lo-o-ong time ago.
Ross: So, eh. I made out with Adrienne and you made out with Missy. Well I guess we're even.
Chandler: (smiling a little nervously) Hmm mmmhm..
Ross: We are even, right?
Chandler: (sighs) Just one more thing. I was so pissed at you that night that I wanted to get back at you. So I thought, who does Ross like the more than anybody?
Ross: (thinks about it for a few seconds) What did you do to my mom?
Chandler: Not her!   [Flashback
Rachel: I am sooo drunk.
Monica: That's weird. I've had the same number of beers as you and I don't feel anything at all. (Chandler approaches)
Chandler: Soo... you girls having fun?
Monica: For your information, ass munch, I've lost four pounds. Maybe even five with all the dancing. (A guy enters holding a pizza box) Pizza
Monica: Oh THATS ME! (she runs to the pizza guy)
Rachel: (finishing the last of her drink) I am soo not going to do good on my SATs tomorrow.
Chandler: Well maybe if you go to school here next year we can totally hang out.
Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh yeah. There is a plan! Why don't I just start taking my smart pills now?
Chandler: Well, maybe you can get in on a beauty scholarship.
Rachel: (blushing) Oh, what a line. (walks towards the drinks table with her back towards Chandler and whispers "Oh my God!")
Chandler: So where are you applying to?
Rachel: Oh well, You know, I think it's kinda really important that I go somewhere where there's sun, so I'm sort of... (Chandler leans in an kisses her) (She pulls away) Hey!
Chandler: I'm in college and I'm in a band.
Rachel: (She considers it for a second) Yeah okay. (She puts her hands around his neck and they start kissing again)    [Scene
Phoebe: You know, it's fine. We'll pay you.
Rachel: No, wait. No there's gotta be something else that you can do. I mean, what skills do you have?
Rachel: So maybe something in an office.
Phoebe: Or you could teach stripping. You know, share your gift, pass the torch.
Phoebe: There you go. Okay, do you think you're gonna be okay?
Phoebe: (after a pause) Finish it!
Phoebe: Your last dance. Do it for us.
Rachel: (to Phoebe) Really?
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah. He deserves to do the thing he loves one last time.
Phoebe: Oh this is so ho-o-ot! (Roy then sits on Phoebe's lap, looking exhausted)
Phoebe: Oh no, no, no, don't stop!
Joey: (nervously) Yeah...
Joey: I-I-I don't know. Types of trees? (Joey hears the bell which means his answer is correct and is surprised. The screen now says "5 to win" and "Spanish words")
Joey: (sympathetic) Oh, I'm so sorry. I don't know any Spanish words. (There's the next bell, and the correct answer. The screen changes to "4 to win" and "things that burn". Gene now realizes that he got two correct answers and gets up in his seat.)
Joey: Things that go "tssst" when you put them out.
Joey: Things that burn. (and another bell for the correct answer. "3 to win" and "What a dog might say")
Joey: Dude, dude! I think you're losing it.
Joey: Oh, oh, oh... What a dog says. (the bell sounds again, "2 to win" and "pizza toppings")
Joey: (instantly) Pizza toppings, next! (there's 10 seconds left, "1 to win" and "Supermodels")
Joey: Oh, oh, oh... (5 seconds left)
Joey: Girls Chandler could never get?
Joey: Where? (looking around)   [Scene
Ross: Hey, where's Rachel?
Monica: She and Phoebe took the stripper to the hospital.
Ross: Did you know Chandler kissed Rachel?
Monica: What? When was this?
Ross: Nineteen Eighty Seven. The weekend you guys visited me at school.
Monica: Oh my God! That's wild!
Chandler: Yeah, but it was like a million years ago, so it doesn't matter.
Ross: Well, it matters to me.
Chandler: Why?
Ross: Because... the night you kissed Rachel was the night I kissed Rachel for the very first time.
Chandler: You kissed her that night too?
Monica: Two guys in one night? Wow, I thought she became a slut after she got her nose fixed.
Chandler: Seriously, where did this happen?
Ross: Okay, after you told me she was passed out in our room, I went in there to make sure she was all right. She was lying on my bed, all buried in peoples coats. Well, I went to kiss her on the forehead, you know. But it was so dark, I accidentally got her lips. I started to pull away, but then I felt her start to kiss me back. It was only for a second, but... it was amazing. And now, now I find out that you kissed her first.
Chandler: Oh wait... What bed did you say she was on?
Ross: Mine.
Chandler: I'm pretty sure I put her on my bed.
Ross: No, she was definitely on my bed.
Chandler: Why would I kiss a girl, and then put her on your bed?
Ross: Well, then who was on my bed?
Monica: (screeching) OH! Oh, oh! (holding her hand in front of her mouth)
Ross: (realizing) NO! No, no!
Monica: YES! (Chandler gets an "oh no!" look on his face)
Ross: You were under the pile of coats?
Monica: I was the pile of coats!
Ross: OH MY GOD!
Monica: You were my Midnight Mystery Kisser?
Ross: You were my first kiss with Rachel?
Monica: You were my first kiss ever?
Chandler: What did I marry into?  COMMERCIAL BREAK   [Scene
Monica: Oh, crap! THE END
