Rachel: You know, I'm thinking about letting Emma have her    first cookie.
Joey: Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time!
Rachel: I've never given her a cookie. Have you?
Joey: No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from    a can!
Monica: Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we    were wondering if you would write one for us.
Rachel: Of course, I'd be honored!
Chandler: Thanks!
Monica: Thank you! (Joey looks at them, disappointed about their decision)
Joey: U-U-Um, I think there's been an oversight.
Chandler: Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested.
Monica: Yeah, it's just we don't think of you as really being so much "with    the words".
Joey: Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!!
Monica: Clearly we were wrong.
Joey: I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how    much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one.
Monica: You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it.
Joey: Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby    adoption decider people..."
Chandler: So excited about your letter! (Phoebe enters)
Phoebe: Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Monica: Wow! Don't you look nice?!
Phoebe: Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary.
Rachel: OH! What's it the anniversary of? Your first date, your first kiss,    first time you had sex...
Phoebe: YEAH!
Chandler: So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate?
Phoebe: Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game.
Joey: Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed?
Phoebe: Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so    no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put    on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room.
Monica: You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom!
Chandler: That's where people make number two!!  OPENING CREDITS  [Scene
Ross: Hey...
Ross: (surprised) Oh... (he pauses) (sounds disappointed) Ohh... I'd love to    but I really have to grade these papers.
Ross: (Writing on the papers) B, B, B, B, B!
Ross: Well, it had some good ideas, take off your shirt. (they start kissing but someone knocks at the door)
Ross: Damnit!
Ross: (he opens the door) Hi Amy!
Ross: Still sharp as a tack!
Ross: (pause) Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together    last year... I had a baby with your sister!
Ross: (gives up) Yes, yes, you did.   [Scene
Ross: Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need   pec implants!
Rachel: Amy! Hi! Oh-oh-hoh! (they hug) Wow! You remember Joey?
Joey: That's right, yeah.
Joey: Always nice to meet a fan!
Rachel: So now, what are you doing here?
Rachel: (Emma starts crying in the other room) Oh sorry, hold on. Let me just    check on the baby!
Ross: Ehm... Her name is Emma.
Ross: What do I know? I just sell Middle Eastern food from a cart!
Ross: (to Joey) Oh my God!
Joey: I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated.
Ross: What... what you working on?
Joey: (using a laptop) Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it    to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so...
Ross: Why don't you use your Thesaurus?
Joey: What did I just say?
Ross: Watch. (he takes the laptop) Here, you ehm... You highlight the word    you want to change.   Go under Tools and the Thesaurus generates... 'gives'... 'gives' a whole list    of choices. You can pick the word that sounds smartest.
Joey: Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... (he uses the Thesaurus)    "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey    Tribbiani's got the whole package!!   [Scene
Rachel: God!
Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she?
Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy?
Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who?
Rachel: A-And??
Rachel: No, what's he like?
Rachel: Yeah.
Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be...
Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the    apartment more than you like...
Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married    somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry?
Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but   anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever   made. Honey, you deserve   true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age,   that is smart, that is fun and that you care about!
Rachel: Ok.
Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking.   [Scene
Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking    at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my    seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can’t believe    it's been a whole year!
Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH!
Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE    AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT’S    OUR ANNIVERSARY!
Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal.
Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose!
Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to    Chandler) Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the    longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn.
Chandler: (reading) I don’t... uh... understand.
Joey: (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated    for ya?
Monica: (also reading it) It doesn’t make any sense.
Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus!
Chandler: On every word?
Joey: Yep!
Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to    Joey)
Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’.
Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens    with full sized aortic pumps...?
Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude.
Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this.
Joey: Why not?
Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that'    look). Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just    be yourself!
Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from  here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.   [Scene
Rachel: Amy, hi!
Rachel: Oh, good for you!
Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you!
Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does    not notice the huge amount of bags)
Joey: Ah, look who’s back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH,    WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS?
Joey: What?
Joey: You slept out here?
Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get    off!’
Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re    getting rid of her.
Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that!
Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping    Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!"    I don’t need that kind of talk in my house!
Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think    it’s really good that she’s here.
Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone?
Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was    a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of    me.
Joey: Yeah, Monica made us!
Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t    think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys.    See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna    take patience, but that’s ok.
Joey: Yeaah.
Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why    I hung it on the door.
Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time    for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future.
Joey: (yelling at her) I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!   [Scene
Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever.
Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year.
Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote    me a rap song.
Ross: Seriously?
Chandler: Word!
Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that.
Rachel: Well, what happened?
Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the    big screen thing...
Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky.
Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning    on proposing to me that same way last night!
Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose?
Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge!
Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him?
Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna    propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean,    I said no in Barbados and now this!
Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself   mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a   guy..?
Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to    him!
Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate?
Monica: I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright,    moving on...
Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing!
Monica: Thank you.
Phoebe: (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think   I should propose?
Rachel: I think it could be kind of great!
Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it!
Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it?
Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen?
Rachel: (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands    together, faking excitement)
Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to,    plus he'd never suspect it!
Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points    to Ross and Chandler) like that?
Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think?  (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset)
Rachel: (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years    ago!!
Rachel: (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes    back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye!    (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today?
Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had?    Because my throat's been hurting?
Rachel: Menstrual cramps.
Ross: I don't think that's what this is.
Rachel: (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma?
Monica: No, sorry sweety..
Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing..
Rachel: (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do?
Rachel: (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...
Ross: (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other    side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.?
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child.
Rachel: Why not?
Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!
Rachel: (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name!
Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella.
Rachel: (Shocked) Wha... the next one?
Ross: (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby.
Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge    breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!!
Ross: I... I don't know..
Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points    at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand    how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind)
Rachel: Absolutely.
Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming?
Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked)
Monica: You dropped it off?
Joey: Yeah.
Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy?
Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to    hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked)
Monica: You hand-wrote it?
Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at   all! See ya later! (Leaves)
Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our    file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples    that collects orchids or has a lot of birds!
Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just    call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing)
Monica: Okay good.
Chandler: (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped    off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh...    okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused).
Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way    to the bird store.
Chandler: (Still looks confused) They loved it.
Monica: What?
Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a   child write the recommendation letter.
Monica: (surprised) They thought Joey was a child?
Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller)
Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today?
Chandler: That sounds like fun.
Rachel: (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl?
Rachel: (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat)
Rachel: (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!?
Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?
Chandler: I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily)    ... but I am wrong!
Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out.
Rachel: Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters)
Ross: Hey guys.   Monica and
Chandler: Hi Ross.
Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see.    (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him).
Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see.
Ross: Why not?
Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world.
Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was    in a milk carton but it looked like meat?
Ross: Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried)
Ross: (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What?
Rachel: Nothing.
Ross: (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from    him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he    realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.
Rachel: Oh, they're real!
Ross: Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have    left Emma with her!
Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy)   You are soo irresponsible   I am never letting you baby-sit ever again!
Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt!
Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects!
Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure    out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me?
Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when?
Rachel: (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What?
Ross: That's not a thing!
Rachel: (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim.
Ross: (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna...
Ross: (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant  and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)   [Scene
Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted)
Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank    you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going?
Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait.
Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the    nutrients.
Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered)
Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand    in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him)
Phoebe: Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!   [Scene
Joey: (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani...    Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home    right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was    nice! (Rachel and Amy enter)
Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out!
Joey: Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room)
Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears!
Rachel: (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help   you. You are so  beyond help.
Rachel: Excuse me?
Rachel: (yelling) Joey, where are those bags?
Joey: (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap!
Rachel: (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously?
Rachel: Hips or thighs?
Rachel: (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins.
Rachel: (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that.
Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're...    you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are.
Rachel: Did you just say Emma?
Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking    about. Mike, obviously you have balls.
Phoebe: (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider    it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose,    I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball    game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who    hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.)
Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it?
Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm    sorry!
Phoebe: Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.)
Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring    finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was    wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.)
Phoebe: Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly)
Phoebe: Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger)
Phoebe: I love you more!
Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going?
Rachel: That's shocking!
