Ross: Hey you guys!
Phoebe: Hey!
Ross: Hey, what are you doing?
Chandler: That's funny, we were doing the same thing!
Ross: Yeah!
Phoebe: It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea    how expensive this stuff was!
Chandler: Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the    numbers.
Phoebe: So what did you two do about it?
Chandler: It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting    solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell.
Ross: There's no way around it Pheebs, you just gonna have to accept the fact    that this is gonna cost you a lot of money.
Ross: Yeah, and I'm responsible for just like half of that.
Phoebe: But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use?
Phoebe: Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity    and we just got married at City Hall?
Ross: I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible gesture!
Chandler: (to Ross) Maybe you do that next time you get married!
Ross: No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset. [pause] But    maybe the time after that!  Opening Credits  [Scene
Joey: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: What's going on?
Chandler: Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning    the apartment.
Monica: (sarcastically) We?
Chandler: You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways!
Joey: Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby?
Chandler: Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live.
Monica: And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about    us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state.
Joey: Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very    impressive when the little people know a celebrity.
Chandler: (pointing at himself) Little people?
Joey: (pointing at himself) Celebrity.
Monica: Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff    hidden somewhere, like... porn or cigarettes?
Chandler: What...? NO!
Monica: Chandler?
Chandler: (he stands up and he feels very offended) I don't, and I'm offended    by the insinuation!
Monica: Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes    taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the VCR?
Chandler: I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not    mine.
Monica: It isn't mine!
Joey: (going out with the VCR in his hand) Well, I guess we'll never know whose    it is!     [Scene
Phoebe: Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. Charity
Phoebe: Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one (she    gives him a check) Charity
Phoebe: And we don't want any recognition. This is completely anonymous.
Phoebe: Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay. Charity
Phoebe: Buffay is spelled B-U-F-F-A-Y.
Phoebe: Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good!
Phoebe: Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts! (she takes a t-shirt which    was on the counter) Charity
Phoebe: Mhm... it's moist.   [Scene
Ross: (he enters) Hi!
Rachel: Hi! Emma will be up in a minute!
Ross: Oh, good!
Rachel: Oh hey Ross... Listen, I heard about you and Charlie. I'm really sorry.
Ross: Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists    out there.
Rachel: Absolutely.
Ross: There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under    a bridge!
Rachel: So, uhm... what are you gonna do today?
Ross: Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground!
Rachel: Oh my God, what!?
Ross: Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of knives and    fire!
Rachel: Ok, look, Ross. I do not want Emma going to the playground.
Ross: Be-caaauuuse...
Rachel: (upset) All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing    incident... when I was little.
Ross: Seriously?
Rachel: Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden    my hair got tangled in the chain. And to get me out my mom had to-had to cut    a big chunk of my hair! (crying) And it was uneven for weeks!
Ross: (sarcastic) And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you    in the movie!
Rachel: Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And    I was thinking Claire Danes.
Ross: Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly    safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and    you'll see!
Rachel: Ross, those things go like 40 miles an hour! Ok? When you're... and    there is that moment when you are at the top, when you just don't know if you're    gonna return back to earth!
Ross: Space is filled with orbiting children. (pause) Look, please, just come    on, you know, when you’ll see the look on Emma’s face, I swear you    won’t regret it.
Rachel: All right!
Ross: Good, you don’t want to be one of those mothers who pass on their    irrational fears on their children, do you?
Rachel: Irrational, huh? All right, well, I’ll remember that the next    time you freak out about a spider in your apartment!
Ross: Oh, yeah, that’s the same, I am sure there are thirty different    species of poisonous swings!  [Scene
Monica: Oh my God, the adoption lady is early!
Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go.
Monica: Ok.
Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. (smiling) Big smile. (opens the door    and both are smiling exaggeratedly)
Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence?
Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad    you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this (she puts a    box on the table and opens it). I don’t know if you wanna use it, but…
Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing    a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all!
Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!
Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money    we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity.
Monica: That’s crazy! (Phoebe looks bewildered). I am sorry. I just can’t    imagine giving up my one wedding day like that!
Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having    a huge party. (She picks up the veil) This is really nice for you, but, oh,    please, I put this on? (she puts it on) And, ow, I look (she looks her reflex    image on a toaster), why, well, radiant. (pause) All right, well, who cares,    I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress.
Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s    the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it?
Phoebe: City Hall.
Monica: Ow! (Chandler slaps her on her back) Oh, that sounds nice! I am just    there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up!
Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want    is a great big wedding (she covers her mouth)
Monica: Yay!
Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity!
Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back!
Chandler: I don’t think you can do that!
Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some    stupid kids!
Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady.  [Scene
Rachel: Ok, careful.
Ross: Ok.
Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR!
Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs!
Rachel: I know (she touches Emma’s head) but they’re just so beautiful!    Oh, my God, I just pulled one out.
Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this.
Rachel: Ok. Ross (to Emma)
Rachel: Ok.
Ross: Here we go! (He starts pushing Emma)
Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. (Emma giggles) Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God,    she does like it!
Ross: See, I told you!
Rachel: Awe! (Emma laughs) Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil!    Oh, let me push, can I push?
Ross: Oh, absolutely!
Rachel: Ok. Oh God. (To Ross) Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag.
Ross: Ok! (he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot) See? Scared    of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly (a swinging boy knocks him down) Ow!     [Scene
Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight,    because one of us gonna have to start flirting. Charity
Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it    back. Charity
Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t    want, but it turns out we do. Charity
Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity
Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important!    And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t    go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an    escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me”    or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty    little man make me feel badly about it.( She storms out)
Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in.
Monica: Would you like something to drink?
Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited    about getting this process started.
Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually    to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount...    as allowed by law.
Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it.
Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby    before    them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. (Laura looks shocked)
Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building.
Chandler: What?
Monica: Really? What is it?
Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani?
Chandler: Of course it was!
Chandler: RAT BASTARD!
Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no,    no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! (finally Monica concludes) No!
Joey: (form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity?       (He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it    back in    his face) OW!
Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great    with    kids though.   [Scene
Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay?
Ross: SON OF A BITCH! (turns to his right to see three kids staring at him)    (To the    kids) Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! (They go away)
Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it.    That is    the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life.
Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault    and kind    of that (point to the kid that kicked him) kids fault. Who is still laughing.    Nice.
Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else    gets    hurt?
Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing,    okay? And    you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.
Rachel: (looks at him suspiciously) I know what this is all about... You've    always been    jealous of my hair.
Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your    silly    fears.
Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it.
Ross: Good.
Rachel: If you hold a spider.
Ross: (He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater) WHAT?    WHERE? WHERE?
Rachel: IF you hold a spider.
Ross: I know. (Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again,       afraid)  [Scene
Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe...
Chandler: (Screams to interrupt Joey) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!!
Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. (Joey    bangs on    the door again)
Joey: Guys!?
Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today!
Joey: What's going on?
Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!  (cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his    apartment)
Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine!
Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie.
Chandler: (nervous smile) You can't make this stuff up!  [Scene
Phoebe: (Lightly) Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him.
Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. (thinks for    a few    seconds) Just like the kids I took the money from.
Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted.
Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't    shot    anyone in a really long time.   [Scene
Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the    furniture,    because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there!
Monica: (Pulls Laura into the spare room) Why don't I show you the baby's room? (Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a    baseball bat)
Chandler: What the hell are you doing?
Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble.
Chandler: Well, we're not.
Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger!
Chandler: We don't have a code word.
Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word    for danger. (Monica talks loudly in the baby's room)
Monica: So that was the baby's room. (They come out and Chandler throws Joey    behind    the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler)
Monica: (To Chandler) What room should we see next?
Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! (laughs nervously)
Monica: (laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused) (To Laura) Some people    don't    get him, but I think he's really funny! (She takes Laura to their own bedroom). (Joey gets up and look annoyed)
Joey: (quivering with anger) I did not care for that!
Chandler: (escorting Joey to the door) You have to get out of here. You slept    with    our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so    she can't    see you.
Joey: Ok, ok! (He leaves)
Chandler: Ok! (Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living    room, but then Joey enters again.)
Chandler: What?
Joey: I forgot my bat. (He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living    room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...)
Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And    we don't want to buy your bat! (Joey lowers his bat)
Joey: (to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert!
Chandler: I can explain... Joey...
Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back    here. I can't believe you never called me.
Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by    the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it...    lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me.
Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of...    social work, ok, that you can just... do.
Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny,    we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you?
Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You    know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the    apartment, leaving her shocked)
Joey: (acting sad) NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... (and closes    the door behind him)
Chandler: Oh, that's really ok.
Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard.
Joey: LAURA! (and points to her, very confident)   [Scene
Phoebe: (to the Charity guy) We're back! Charity
Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children.  (the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back    again. His smile fades.)
Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. (she    gives the check and pulls it back again) No... Oh God... Oh! Charity
Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity
Phoebe: (looks at the amount on the check, and gasps) Well, this is very generous! Charity
Phoebe: Oh, is that you? Charity
Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler...    Ok, goodbye. (hangs up)
Chandler: Wrong number?
Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on    the waiting list.
Chandler: That's great!
Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's    a baby waiting for us. Oh...  (Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's    eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.)
Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat?    COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene
Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one.
Ross: (nervously) Ok...
Rachel: Ok... (and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands)
Ross: (Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch) This feels perfectly normal. Ok,    get on the swing!
Rachel: (reluctantly) Ok... O-k... (She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.)
Rachel: (more confident) Ok... (She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...)
Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH!
Ross: See?
Rachel: A-alright! I can do this.
Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used    to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore.
Rachel: That's because he's on your neck.
Ross: Well... (realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of    the spider) Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... (Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still    using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of    Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.)
Rachel: ROSS! (Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to    side) end
