Joey: Alright, no peeking. No peeking, no peeking, no peeking.
Chandler: Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.
Joey: Alright open your eyes. [opens his eyes to see two black leather recliners and a big screen TV]
Chandler: Sweet mother of all that is good and pure.
Joey: Huh? Days of our Lives picked up my option.
Chandler: Congratulations!
Joey: I know.
Chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.
Joey: Uh-huh.
Chandler: So uh, which one is mine?
Joey: Whichever one you want, man. Whichever one you want. [Chandler starts to sit in one of the chairs] Not that one.
Chandler: [sits down] Ohh yes.
Joey: [sits down] Ohh yeah, that's the stuff.
Chandler: [reaches for the footrest lever] Do we dare?
Joey: We dare.
Phoebe: I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.
Chandler: Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.
Ross: This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.
Monica: Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she?  [Rachel enters]
Rachel: Hi you guys.
Rachel: Hey you.
Ross: Hey you. [they stand together in front of the TV.]  CHANDLER and
Joey: Woah, hey, yo. [Rachel and Ross move]
Rachel: So, uh, how was your day?
Ross: Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.
Rachel: Really? Mine too.
Phoebe: Hey cool, mine too.
Ross: [beeper goes off] Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got to get to the museum. So um, I'll see you tonight.
Rachel: OK. [they go to kiss but everyone's watching so Ross just kisses her on the top of her head and leaves]
Ross: Bye guys.
Monica: [walks up to Rachel in front of the TV] Tonight?  CHANDLER and
Joey: Hey, yo. [they move from out of in front of the TV]
Monica: What's tonight?
Rachel: It is our first official date. Our first date.
Monica: Uh, hello.
Rachel: Hi.
Monica: Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything for you?
Rachel: God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date.
Monica: Yes but my mom got me this job.
Phoebe: OK, I can be a waitress, I can be a waitress.
Rachel: Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. See Phoebe, Phoebe.
Monica: Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.
Phoebe: I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a raft and rick'em, la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la.  [Scene
Phoebe: It's James Bond.
Monica: Sorry we're late.  DR.
Monica: Dr. Burke, it, it's me.  DR.
Monica: Thank you. This is my friend Phoebe. She's gonna be helping me tonight.  DR.
Monica: I've been great, just great. How have you been? [tilting her head]  DR.
Monica: The head tilt?  DR.
Monica: I'm sorry.  DR.
Monica: [her and Phoebe tilt their heads] Oh, that's too bad.  DR.
Chandler: Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.
Joey: What if we have to pee?
Chandler: I'll cancel the sodas.  [Scene
Monica: You've got to get back out there, it's your party.  DR.
Monica: You're an opthamologist.  DR.
Phoebe: [entering the kitchen from the party] That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, you stay out there.  DR.
Monica: Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency.  DR.
Phoebe: You are so smitten.
Monica: I am not.
Phoebe: Oh, you are so much the smitten kitten. You should ask him out.
Monica: Dr. Burke? I don't think so. I mean, like, he's a grown up.
Phoebe: So. You two are totally into each other.
Monica: Phoebe, he's a friend of my parents. He's like 20 years older than me.
Phoebe: OK, so what, you're just never gonna see him again?
Monica: Not never. I mean, I'm gonna see him tomorrow at my eye appointment.
Phoebe: Didn't you like, just get your eyes checked?
Monica: Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a dangerous eye age.  [Scene
Rachel: C'mon, I'm not saying it was a bad movie, I'm just saying, you know, it was a little. . . hard to follow.
Ross: I told you there was going to be sub-titles.
Rachel: I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date.  [They start kissing.]
Rachel: Monica.
Ross: It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.
Rachel: Honey, I'm just checking.
Ross: Oh.
Rachel: Monica.
Ross: Mon.
Rachel: Monica.
Ross: Mon.  [Since they're alone they start kissing and Ross's hands work their way down until they're on Rachel's butt. Rachel starts laughing.]
Ross: What, what.
Rachel: I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
Ross: And that's, that's funny why?
Rachel: Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing.
Ross: I, I know it's big, I just didn't know it was uh, ha-ha big.
Rachel: OK. [start kissing again and Rachel starts lauging again]
Ross: OK, my hands were no where near your butt.
Rachel: I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.
Ross: No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm feeling too self conscious.
Rachel: Just one cheek.
Ross: Nuh, uh, the moment's gone.
Rachel: Alright, just put your hands out and I'll back up into them.
Ross: That's romantic.
Rachel: C'mon touch it.
Ross: No.
Rachel: Oh, come on squeeze it.
Ross: No.
Rachel: Rub it.
Ross: No.
Rachel: Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass.  [Scene
Joey: Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Miracle Wax.
Chandler: You got a Cheeto on your face man.[Joey removes the Cheeto and eats it]  [Ross enters]
Joey: Hi.  CHANDLER and
Joey: Hey.
Joey: What're you doin' here? Aren't you supposed to be out with Rachel?
Ross: That was 14 hours ago.
Chandler: So how'd it go?
Ross: Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?
Chandler: Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.
Joey: She laughed at you?
Ross: Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?
Chandler: It's the Miracle Wax.
Joey: It certainly is a miracle.  [Rachel enters]
Rachel: Hi you guys.  CHANDLER and
Joey: Hey.
Ross: Hey.
Rachel: Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . .
Chandler: Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice.  [Rachel and Ross go out in the hall]
Rachel: OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you.
Ross: No, you, ya know there's no need to make it u. . . how?
Rachel: Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, dessert.
Ross: Humm, that sounds, I don't, perfect.  [there's a loud bang at the door so Ross opens it back up to find a shoe has been thrown at it]
Rachel: What's this.
Chandler: Could you get us a couple of beers?  [Scene
Monica: Really.  DR.
Monica: Good, they feel good, in my head.  DR.
Monica: You too.  DR.
Monica: OK, um. Goodbye.  DR.
Monica: What?  DR.
Monica: Thanks. So, I guess I better be going.  DR.
Monica: Thanks again.  [He kisses her on the cheek, she returns the kiss, then they embrace in a full on kiss]  [Scene
Phoebe: We have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs.  CHANDLER and
Joey: Hey, woah, hey, woah.
Phoebe: You know you should go outside and be with the three-dimensional people.
Joey: No, inside good, outside bad.
Phoebe: You guys are so pathetic, I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH.
Chandler: She's one of us now.  [Rachel and Ross enter]
Rachel: Hi you guys.
Ross: Hey.  CHANDLER, JOEY, and
Phoebe: Hey.
Ross: Well we just wanted to stop by and uh, say goodnight.  CHANDLER, JOEY, and
Phoebe: Goodnight.
Ross: Look at that, they won't even turn their heads.
Rachel: Alright you guys, I'm takin' off my shirt.
Joey: [uses a dentist mirror to see] Naa, she's lyin'.  [Monica enters carrying food that's been delivered]
Monica: Stop sending food to our apartment.
Ross: Well, why're you all dressed up?
Phoebe: You're not the only one who has a date tonight.
Ross: What? You have a date? Who with?
Monica: No one.
Ross: C'mon, what's his name?
Monica: Nothing.
Ross: Come on, tell me.
Monica: Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and judgmental.
Ross: Oh, I promise, what.
Monica: It's Richard Burke.
Ross: Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.
Monica: Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.
Ross: Doctor Burke is sexy?  RACHEL and
Phoebe: Oh God, absolutely.
Ross: [his beeper goes off] It's the museum again, can I, oh.
Rachel: Ya know, Dr. Burke kissed me once.
Monica: When?
Rachel: When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here. [points to the tip of her nose]
Phoebe: Oh you are so lucky.
Rachel: I know.
Ross: [on the phone] Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.
Chandler: Well maybe he was nervous.  [Scene
Ross: Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.
Rachel: It's OK, it's fine.
Ross: KARL!  [Ross leaves to find Karl. Rachel takes a peek under the loincloth of one of the display models.]  [Scene
Monica: Wow, is that Michelle?  DR.
Monica: I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional.  DR.
Monica: I thought she just had one.  DR.
Monica: Oh, you're a grandpa.  DR.
Monica: I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in.  DR.
Monica: Yeah.  DR.
Monica: So maybe we should just. . .  DR.
Monica: Wow, this really sucks.  DR.
Monica: Well, we don't really have to decide anything right now, do we?  DR.
Monica: Oh, I'm gonna kill those guys.  [Scene
Ross: Rach.
Rachel: Oh.
Ross: I'm done.
Rachel: Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's.
Ross: Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.
Rachel: No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?
Ross: No, no, we won't.
Rachel: We won't?
Ross: [grabs a fur pelt] C'mon.
Rachel: OK, that's dead right?  [Scene
Rachel: What is this? What are we doing?
Ross: Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-grape?
Rachel: Grape.
Ross: [spreads the pelt on the floor] OK, now, sit. OK. [he starts the music system]
Rachel: Oh, God.  [The stereo system booms out 'Billions of years ago. . .'. Ross gets up and changes it to music.]
Ross: Sorry.
Rachel: Ah, so what are we looking at?
Ross: Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.
Rachel: Really?
Ross: I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.
Rachel: Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight. [they kiss]
Ross: You're not laughing.
Rachel: This time it's not so funny.  [They kiss and start undressing. As Rachel tries to pull off Ross's tie she catches it in his mouth. Then they roll across the fur rug.]
Rachel: Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.
Ross: What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.
Rachel: Oh, thank God.  [Scene
Ross: Hi.
Rachel: Hi you. I can't believe I'm waking up next to you.
Ross: I know it is pretty unbelievaaaaah.
Rachel: What?
Ross: We're not alone. [A church youth group is outside the display watching them]  CLOSING CREDITS  [Scene
Joey: Is that the fire alarm?
Chandler: Yeah. [feels the floor] Oh it's not warm yet, we still have time.
Joey: Cool.  END
