Rachel: Ok, Chandler, Mon, there's only one bananna nut muffin left.  [Rachel holds the tray between them. Chandler grabs the muffin before Monica can.]
Monica: Oh, I ordered mine first.
Chandler: Yeah, but I'm, I'm so much faster...
Monica: Give it to me.
Chandler: No.
Monica: Give it to me.
Chandler: Ok, you can have it. [He licks it and offers it to her.]
Monica: [She grabs the coffee cup on the table and licks the rim.] There you go, enjoy your coffee.
Chandler: That was there when I got here. [Takes a bite of his muffin.]
Phoebe: [enters] Hey you guys, you will never guess who's coming to New York.
Monica: [Chandler tries to come back with a smart-ass remark but can't swallow the muffin.] Quick, Phoebe, tell us before he can swallow.
Phoebe: Oh ok, Ryan, that guy I went out with, who's in the Navy.  [Chandler is visibly upset]
Rachel: You went out with a guy in the Navy?
Phoebe: Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy 'cause he didn't have any change.
Joey: Hey, is that when you wrote salt water taffy man?
Phoebe: No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together. Only this time he's coming for two weeks. Two whole weeks, which means yay.
Rachel: So wait, this guy goes down for like two years at a time?  [Once again, Chandler has a bite in his mouth and can't come back.]
Monica: That'll teach you to lick my muffin.
Ross: [enters] Hiii.
Joey: Oh no, what happened?
Ross: Well, I just spoke to Carol. Ben's got the chicken pox.
Ross: Yeah, so if you haven't already had it, chances are you're gonna get it.
Rachel: Well I've had it.
Joey: Yeah, I've had it.
Monica: Had it.
Chandler: Had it.
Phoebe: Well, I've never had it, I feel so left out. [Sees a red bump on her arm.] Oh look!  OPENING TITLES  [Scene
Monica: Honey, you made the bed again. I told you, you don't have to do that. This isn't camp.
Monica: Baddest. Otherwise the song would be Fat Fat Leroy Brown.
Monica: Just waiting for you sweetie.
Monica: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You know what, the way you did it was just fine.
Monica: If I tell you, you'll think I'm crazy.
Monica: Ok, you see, the tag shouldn't be at the top left corner, it should be at the bottom right corner.
Monica: I'm just easing you in.
Monica: Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.
Monica: Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.  [Scene
Chandler: Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level processor.
Joey: But don't you need experience for a job like that?
Chandler: It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor.
Chandler: Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, fellow processor.
Joey: Oh yeah yeah. I process. People want the processing, I'm the one they call.
Joey: Uhh, well, right now I'm in between things. You know how it is. One day you're processing, the next day you're not so much... processing any more.
Chandler: I was just telling Joey about the opening in Fleischman's group.
Joey: Ha-ha. [Scott leaves] Are all you processors dorks?  [Scene
Rachel: Oh, this lipstick looks just great on you.
Monica: You look fabulous honey, you really do.
Phoebe: Yeah? Are you sure, really. [She picks up a mirror and sees the white splotches all over her face.]
Rachel: You see, you look beautiful. For god sakes, dim the lights.
Phoebe: I, I, I'm hideous.
Monica: It's gonna be ok. Ryan's been under water. He's just gonna be so glad that you don't have barnicles on your butt.  [Scene
Phoebe: Come in.
Phoebe: Hey Ryan, what's up?
Phoebe: Well, no no, you have to stay back. I, I have the pox.
Phoebe: Chicken. Which is so ironic considering I'm a vegetarian.
Phoebe: 'Cause my, my grandmother's never had chicken pox. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God, I forgot how cute you are.
Phoebe: Ohh, ohh.
Phoebe: Yeah, or you know, you could just wish that I didn't have them now.
Phoebe: Nope. You don't want to see a face covered with pox.
Phoebe: And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... [she unveils herself right as a huge lightning bolt crashes outside. Ryan screams in terror.] Oh, I am scary.
Phoebe: I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this.
Phoebe: Ok, this is the most romantic disease I've ever had.  [Scene
Joey: Hey.
Chandler: Hey, how's the first day goin'?
Joey: Pretty good. It's like you said. It's mostly just putting numbers from one column into another column.
Chandler: Well there you go.
Joey: Hey and everbody is so nice. I just had a good talk with that lady with the red hair, Jeannie.
Chandler: Jeannie, the head of east coast operations Jeannie?
Joey: Yeah, turns out our kids go to the same school. Small world huh?
Chandler: Weird world. Your kids?
Joey: I figure my character has kids.
Chandler: Ya know there isn't a part of that sentence I don't need explained.
Joey: Well, see when you're acting you need to think about stuff like that. My character, Joseph the processor guy, has two little girls, Ashley and Brittany. Ashley copies everything Brittany does.
Chandler: Well, invisible kids can be that way sometimes.
Joey: Yeah. Joseph and his wife, Karen, are thinking of having a third kid... Ya know what? Just did.
Chandler: Really? Wow. That's some pretty powerful imaginary sperm you must have there.  [Scene
Phoebe: That you don't stop talking about it.
Phoebe: Let's just play, ok. Good, ok. [She picks up the dice.] Here we go, double sixes, here we go... [She starts to rub the dice all over herself.] Here we go, come to mama, just getting ready to roll the dice...
Phoebe: No. This is what I do for luck, ok.
Phoebe: No.
Phoebe: No. Here. [Throws them on the table.] There. Ooh, double sixes.
Phoebe: Uhh, I can't stop thinking about it. It's just so hard. I just wanna grab all these houses and rub 'em all over my body. [Grabs a handful of the houses.]
Phoebe: Give it.
Phoebe: Yeah, come on. You know you want it, you know you want it too, come on. Let's just be bad, it'll feel so good. [She starts scratching him.]
Phoebe: Now do me, do my back. Oh come on, harder.  [They get back to back and start rubbing against each other. Ross and Rachel enter.]
Rachel: Oh, stop that, stop that right now.
Ross: You know, I might have expected this of you Phoebe, but Ryan, you're a military man.  [Scene
Joey: You and Milton have to join us on the boat. Karen'll pack a lunch, you'll bring the kids, we'll make a day of it.
Joey: Oh, thanks, thanks. Bye bye Jeannie.
Joey: What a phony.
Chandler: Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.
Joey: Sir.  MR.
Chandler: Well the people in my group wanna spend the holiday weekend with their families.  MR.
Joey: Yeah Bing, what's that about?
Chandler: It's about cutting my people a little slack, ya know, for morale. Look, if you wanna see some rough numbers, I can get them to you by Wednesday.  MR.
Joey: This company was not built on rough numbers. Am I right Mr. Douglas.  MR.
Chandler: Uh, if you say so sir.
Joey: Joseph's good, isn't he?
Chandler: Well, I'm going to kill you.
Joey: Hey, hey, I just figure Joseph's the kinda guy that likes to mix it up. Ya know, get in there, ruffle some feathers.
Chandler: Why?
Joey: Look, I'm sorry but that's what Joseph does, ok. If you try to pull somethin', he'll call you on it. 'What're you tryin' to pull,' he'll say.  [Scene
Monica: This is for the scratchy twins out there. I taped oven mits to their hands.
Monica: It's for their own good.
Monica: Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally neurotic around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like it better now that everything on your desk is perpendicular?
Monica: Very good.
Monica: You know what. Tomorrow I'm gonna do your clocks.
Monica: I'm gonna set them to my time.
Monica: No no. See, in my bedroom I set my clock six minutes fast. You wanna know why?
Monica: No forget it, I'm not gonna tell you now.
Monica: No. See you don't understand.
Monica: No. You don't have any of these cute little obsessive things.
Monica: Oh yeah.
Monica: Alright, well tell me one of yours.
Monica: What if they get mixed up?
Monica: You would not. I can't believe this. I hate this, you're too normal. I can't believe my boyfriend doesn't have a thing. My boyfriend doesn't have a thing.
Joey: Hey. Mr. Douglas is looking for you.
Chandler: Why? Wh- wh- why is Mr. Douglas looking for me?
Joey: 'Cause he has a strong suspicion that you dropped the ball on the Lender project.
Chandler: Wha- wh- why, why, why does he suspect that?
Joey: Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you. Anyway, I just thought you should know.
Chandler: Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but unfortunately that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go.
Joey: What're you talking about, everybody loves Joseph.
Chandler: I don't, I hate Joseph, ok. I think he's a brown-nosing suck up.
Joey: Oh yeah. Well you can't fire Joseph. You know why, 'cause he's not in your department.
Chandler: Alright, ok, alright. So I can't fire Joseph but uh, I can sleep with his wife.
Joey: Karen.
Chandler: Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.
Joey: Ahh. What the hell are you doing to me man.
Chandler: Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer.
Joey: Really?
Chandler: No freakshow, she's fictional.
Joey: Take it easy. If it means that much to you, I'll uh, I'll go find something else.
Chandler: Thank you.
Joey: It's just that, I, I'm gonna miss Joseph. I liked him. His wife, she was hot. [Chadler pushes him out the door by the face.]  [Scene
Phoebe: Can I please take these off? I swear I won't scratch.
Rachel: No sorry hon, Monica's orders.
Ross: Ok, dinner's on.
Rachel: And there's a peach cobbler warming in the oven so the plate's gonna be hot but that shouldn't be a problem for you.
Ross: Alright you kids, bye now.  PHOEBE and
Ross: Oh look, a low budget puppet show.
Phoebe: It's such a shame you can't see which finger I'm holding up.  [Ross and Rachel leave.]
Phoebe: Please. [Ryan pulls the cork with his teeth and spits it into Phoebe's mits.]
Phoebe: I got it. [Wipes it up with her mits.]
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: Oh.  [They start to kiss. They try to get each other's shirts off but can't get the buttons undone.]
Phoebe: You know what, that's it, that's it. [She rips off the mits, Ryan follows her lead.]  [They keep kissing and start scratching each other. Ross enters, takes one look, and goes right back out the door.]  [Scene
Monica: What's up?
Monica: Yeah?
Monica: No honey. You have to sleep on this side of the bed because I have to sleep on this side of the bed.
Monica: No. Big deal, so you have a side of the bed, everybody has a side of the bed.
Monica: Alright, go on.
Monica: Oh my God, you're a freak.
Rachel: So uh, Ryan, were you shipping off to?
Ross: So do you have like any nuclear weapons on board?
Rachel: Well do you get to look through one of those like, those periscope thingys.
Ross: Wow, it, it's neat learning about submarines.
Phoebe: Ok, I'll walk you out.
Ross: Bye Ryan.
Rachel: It was nice to meet you.
Rachel: So do you uh, think we can get you one of those uh, uniform things?
Ross: You like that do ya?
Rachel: Oh yeah.
Ross: I'll make some calls. [Runs off.]
Rachel: Ok.  [Outside with Phoebe and Ryan.]
Phoebe: I know. We didn't do any of the romantic things I had planned, like having a picnic at Central Park and ya know, coffee at Central Perk. Oh I just got that. [They kiss.]
Phoebe: Bye you. [Ryan's cab drives off. As Phoebe is going back in, she sees the Central Perk sign in the window and laughs.]  CLOSING CREDITS  [Scene
Rachel: Oh I'm sorry, we're clo-... Hey sailor.
Ross: Is this what you had in mind?
Rachel: I'll say.  [Ross picks her up.]
Ross: I'm shipping out tomorrow.
Rachel: Well then uh, we better make this night count. [He starts to carry her out.] Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. [He carries her over to turn it off.] Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse. [He carries her to the counter to pick up her purse.] Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
Ross: Alright you know, why don't I just meet you upstairs. [Drops her on the couch and walks out holding his lower back.] END
