Rachel: So, how was the party?
Monica: Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.
Monica: Please.
Monica: Nothing, just never seen you in little stretchy pants before.
Monica: C'mon give me five more. Five more.
Monica: Five more and I'll flash you.
Rachel: Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night?
Joey: The guy still won't put out, huh?
Joey: Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
Joey: Maybe he's. . . gay.
Rachel: Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?
Monica: [to Chandler] Yo, Bing. Racquetball in 15 minutes.
Rachel: What? [looks, feigns indifference] C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.
Joey: Woah, woah, woah, you have a date?
Rachel: Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.
Joey: But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?
Rachel: Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
Rachel: Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing.  [Ross and Julie enter.]
Ross: Hi guys.
Ross: Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?
Monica: Only if you say his full name.
Ross: [reluctantly] Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.
Monica: Alright.
Joey: [to Ross] You're getting a cat?
Ross: Uh, actually, we're getting a cat.
Rachel: Together?
Ross: Uh huh.
Rachel: Both of you?
Ross: Yep.
Rachel: Together.
Rachel: Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Ross: Hopefully.
Rachel: Well. [looks at watch] Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. [she leaves carrying her tray then comes back in] OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.  [Scene
Rachel: [distracted] How long do cats live?
Rachel: Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?
Rachel: That's just great. [she picks up her champagne and starts drinking]
Rachel: Oh, right, clink. [downs her glass]
Rachel: Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.
Rachel: I mean he just started going out with her.
Rachel: Ah, hah-hah-hah-ho, yeah, he wishes. Oh, I'm sorry, look at me. OK, Michael, let's talk about you.
Rachel: OK, OK. So, you ever get a pet with a girlfriend?  [Scene
Joey: What?
Joey: Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent butt, great rack."
Joey: Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.
Rachel: [obviously drunk] I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? [belligerently] What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?
Rachel: Yes! Thank you.  [The waiter comes to the table.]
Rachel: Oh, you're not having fun, are you?
Rachel: Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Rachel: Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Rachel: Closure, that's what it is. Closure. [she looks around the restaurant, spotting a guy with a cellular phone] Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo [she almost falls out of her chair]
Rachel: Hello, excuse me.
Rachel: Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.
Rachel: I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. [man is still reluctant] OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.
Rachel: Thank you. OK. [dials] [to Michael] Machine. Just waiting for the beep.
Rachel: [on phone] Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure. [hangs up and tosses phone in the ice bucket]   COMMERCIAL BREAK  [Scene
Monica: Why not?
Monica: OK, if you say stop, then we stop.
Monica: No, c'mon, we can't stop, c'mon, we've got three more pounds to go. I am the energy train and you are on board. Woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo [Chandler walks out of the apartment, leaving Monica] Woo.  [Scene
Ross: Hey Rach.
Rachel: Ahhhh.
Ross: Oh. And how was the date?
Rachel: Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . .  [Rachel looks at Ross as though she remembers something, but can't place what it is.]
Ross: Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
Rachel: I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
Ross: OK. Oh, oh, oh. [runs over and picks up the cat toy]
Rachel: Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?
Ross: No, I stayed at Julie's last night.
Rachel: Huh.
Ross: Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?
Rachel: Oh yeah, go ahead. [Rachel walks in her room. Ross picks up the phone and dials his machine to check his messages.]
Ross: Rach, I got a message from you. [pauses] Who's Michael?  [Rachel comes out of her room, suddenly she remembers leaving the message.]
Rachel: Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . [jumps the couch and lands on Ross's back, finally getting the phone from him. Ross has a confused expression on his face.]
Ross: You're over me?
Rachel: Ohhhhhhhh God. [climbs off his back]
Ross: Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?
Rachel: Ohh, ohh.
Ross: When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?
Rachel: Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
Ross: You've had feelings for me?
Rachel: Yeah, what, so? You had feelings for me first.
Ross: Woah. Huh. You know about my, I mean, you know I had... you know?
Rachel: Chandler told me.
Ross: Chandler. When did he... when did he... when did he?
Rachel: When you were in China.
Ross: China.
Rachel: Meeting Julie.
Ross: Julie. Julie. That. Oh God. Julie, right. OK, I need to lie down. No, ya know, I'm gonna stand. I'm gonna stand, I'm gonna walk, I'm walkin' and I am standing. OK so you uh, and now wha... and now, now, now you're over me?
Rachel: Are you over me?  [A moment of silence.]
Ross: [doorbell buzzes] That's, that's Julie. Ju... Julie, Julie. [talks on intercom] Hi Julie.
Ross: [perky] I'll be right down.
Rachel: Wait, so, you're going?
Ross: Well, OK, I uh, I have to. I can't deal with this right now. I mean, I've uh, y'know, I've got a cab, I've got a girlfriend, I'm... I'm gonna go get a cat.
Rachel: OK, OK.
Ross: Cat. [leaves]  [Scene
Joey: Hey Phoebs.
Joey: I can't find the remote. [Phoebe turns off the TV] Thank you.
Joey: And?
Joey: All right Phoebs, way to go.
Joey: So, so how did it happen?
Joey: And what did he say?
Joey: Wow.
Joey: Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.
Joey: This man is my God.  [Scene
Rachel: Hi.
Ross: I didn't get a cat.
Rachel: Oh, that's um, interesting.
Ross: No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely opposite of interesting.
Rachel: Alright, I got it Ross.
Ross: You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
Rachel: [hurt] What?
Ross: I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
Rachel: Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
Ross: Then you should have said something before I met her.
Rachel: I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.
Ross: There was never a good time.
Rachel: Right, you, you only had a year. We only hung out every night.
Ross: Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.
Rachel: Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?
Ross: The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Rachel: Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
Ross: Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.
Rachel: Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.
Ross: Fine.
Rachel: 'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
Ross: Good.
Rachel: Good. [Ross leaves]  [Rachel gets up and opens the door, yelling after him.]
Rachel: And ya know what, now I've got closure.  [Rachel slams the door and locks it. She sits down, visibly upset. She puts her head in her hands and begins to cry. Ross comes back and is standing outside the window. When Rachel regroups and gets back up to finish closing, she sees him. She smiles. She goes to open the door and can't get the lock undone.]
Ross: Try the bottom one.  [She opens the door and they kiss.]  [Scene
Monica: No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.
Monica: Ooh, what'cha gonna do, fat boy, huh? What?
Monica: Well, thanks.
Monica: Well, you know.
Monica: [sad] Uh-huh.
Monica: Well no, but um.
Monica: Y'know, I try to stay positive. . .
Monica: Alright.
Monica: OK. Just for a little while.
