Rachel: (entering) Hi!
Monica: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Rachel: So what’s the final head count on my baby shower?
Phoebe: About twenty, a couple people from work who had something else to do.
Monica: Also both of your sisters called and neither can make it.
Rachel: What?! You mean they’re not coming to a social event where there’s no men and there’s no booze?! That’s shocking! I don’t care, as long as my mom’s here.
Monica: Oh my God, your mother!
Rachel: What?! My mom’s not gonna be here?!
Monica: Well, given that we forgot to invite her it would be an awfully big coincidence if she was.
Rachel: My God!
Monica: Well it wasn’t my fault, Phoebe was in charge of the invitations!
Phoebe: Well I don’t, I don’t have a mother so often I forget that other people
Monica: (interrupting her) Oh give it a rest!
Rachel: So my mother is not coming to my baby shower?!
Phoebe: No. (Pause) Neither is mine.
Monica: Okay, y’know what? Don’t worry, okay? We’ll take care of it. We’ll call her. Just go home and get ready.
Rachel: Please, make sure she comes. It’s really important to me, I mean it’s my mom!
Phoebe: I know. I know, what’s her number?
Rachel: I don’t know.
Monica: Go! I have it in my book. Go! (Rachel leaves and Monica calls Mrs. Green.) (To Phoebe) Wait a minute! If you’re in charge of the invitations why am I the one who has to call her—Hello Mrs. Green! Hi, it’s Monica Geller. Mrs.
Monica: (on phone) Hi, umm I know this is last minute, but we’ve decided to throw an impromptu baby shower for Rachel today. Mrs.
Monica: Yeah, I’m sorry. I’m-I’m so sorry. Mrs.
Monica: (To Phoebe) Oh my God, my ass is sweating! (on phone) Please! Please! Can you come? It’s today at four. Mrs.
Monica: Thank you. (Hangs up.)
Phoebe: Isn’t it at three?
Monica: Son of a bitch! (Calls Mrs. Green again.) Opening Credits [Scene
Chandler: Hey Joe! You wanna shoot some hoops?
Joey: Oh no, I can’t go. I’m practicing; I got an audition to be the host of a new game show.
Ross: Oh cool!
Chandler: That’s great.
Joey: Yeah-yeah, and if I get it by day I’ll (In a sexy voice) Dr. Drake Remoray, but by night I’ll be (In an announcer’s voice) Joey Trrrribbiani!
Chandler: You’ll be perfect for this! That’s already your name!
Joey: But the audition’s in a couple hours and I don’t even understand the game.
Ross: Well do you want some help?
Joey: Oh really? That’d be great! You guys can be the contestants!
Ross: Awesome!
Chandler: Okay, I guess we can lose to junior high girls some other time.
Joey: (announcer voice) All right! Let’s play Bamboozled!
Chandler: Bamboozled?
Joey: Yeah, isn’t that a cool name?
Ross: (simultaneously with Chandler) Yeah!
Chandler: (simultaneously with Ross) No!
Joey: All right. Uhh, okay. Our first contestant is Ross Geller. Why don’t you tell us a little something about you Ross?
Ross: Well uh, I-I’m a paleontologist. Umm, I-I live in New York. I have a son Ben. Uh, hi Ben! (Waves.) And uh
Joey: I said a little bit Ross. Now, how about you Chandler?
Chandler: Well Joey, I’m a headhunter. I hook up out of work Soviet scientists with rogue third-world nations. Hi Rasputin! (Waves.)
Joey: Excellent! Let’s play Bamboozled! Chandler, you’ll go first. What is the capital of Columbia?
Chandler: Bogota.
Joey: It’s Ba-go-ta, but close enough. Now, you can either pass your turn to Ross or pick a Wicked Wango card.
Chandler: What does a Wicked Wango card do?
Joey: I should know that. Let’s see, just one moment please. Umm, here we are, a Wicked Wango card determines whether you go higher or lower.
Chandler: Higher or lower than what?
Joey: This is embarrassing. (Looks it up.)
Chandler: (To Ross) Can you believe how lame this is?
Ross: I’m sorry, I don’t believe contestants are allowed to talk to each other. [Scene
Phoebe: Oh, I told the stripper to be here at five. That’s good right?
Monica: You ordered a stripper for the shower?! That is totally inappropriate!
Phoebe: What? He’s gonna be dressed as a baby! (Mrs. Green enters.) Oh hi Mrs. Green!
Monica: Hi!
Phoebe: I’m so glad you could make it.
Monica: Yes, thank you so much. And again, we’re so sorry. We could not feel worse about it. Mrs.
Monica: She’s still mad.
Phoebe: Yeah I know. Isn’t it great? One less person we have to make small talk with.
Monica: Phoebe, Sandra’s mad at you too. It-it doesn’t bother you?
Phoebe: No look, we’ve apologized twice! I can’t do anymore than that. I know you hate it when people are mad at you but you just have to be okay with it.
Monica: Okay. I can do that. (Pause) I gotta go powder my ass. [Cut to Rachel and Mrs. Green.] Mrs.
Rachel: Okay. (Mrs. Green helps her up and they walk over and get some tea.) Mrs.
Rachel: Oh well actually gonna use a nanny and uh, I don’t even have a housekeeper. Mrs.
Rachel: Mrs. Kay! Oh yeah, she was sweet. She taught me Spanish. I actually think I remember some of it, tu madre es loca. (I think that’s your mother’s crazy.) Mrs.
Rachel: Well, however great she was I just can’t afford that. Mrs.
Rachel: What? Mrs.
Rachel: Wh-wh-what? What? Mrs.
Rachel: Yes. Yes I do. [Scene
Joey: All right Ross you’re in the lead, would you like to take another question or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
Ross: The wheel has not been my friend tonight Joey. Uh, I’ll take another question.
Joey: Okay, this is gonna be tough. Hold your breath.
Ross: It’s okay, I’m ready.
Joey: No dude, you gotta hold your breath until you’re ready to answer the question.
Chandler: This is ridiculous, he’s not gonna hold his breath… (Ross cuts him off by taking a deep breath and holding it.)
Joey: Okay, what do you have a fear of if you suffer from this phobia, Tris…Holy cow, that’s a big word. Trisc… Seriously look at this thing. Chandler, how do you say that?
Chandler: Let me see that.
Joey: This one right here. (Ross whines.)
Chandler: Triscadecaphobia.
Ross: (exhaling) The fear of Triscuts!
Joey: No! No, fear of the number 13.
Chandler: Fear of Triscuts?
Ross: It’s possible, they have really sharp edges.
Joey: All right Chandler, you’re up.
Ross: Wait a minute, I-I believe I’m entitled to use my Angel Pass for a free turn?
Chandler: This game makes no sense!
Ross: Y’know what? You’re just upset because you’re losing.
Chandler: Oh come on Ross, I think we’re all losers here.
Joey: All right. Chandler, you can either spin the wheel or pick a Google card.
Chandler: Let me think. Let me think—Oh! I don’t care.
Joey: You-you must choose Mr. Bing.
Chandler: Either, it makes no difference.
Joey: Choose, you jackass!
Chandler: I’ll take a card.
Joey: Okay, you picked the Gimmie card! You get all of Ross’s points!
Ross: What?!
Chandler: This game is kinda fun.
Ross: (To Chandler) You don’t think it’s a little crazy that you get all my points just ‘cause you
Chandler: I don’t think the contestants are supposed to speak to each other. [Scene
Rachel: Why did you invite my mother?!
Monica: What?
Rachel: She wants to move in with me and Ross to help take care of the baby.
Phoebe: For how long?
Rachel: Eight weeks. I mean I love my mother, but my God, a long lunch with her is taxing.
Monica: I personally would be honored if she wanted to live with me.
Phoebe: She can’t hear you.
Rachel: What? You guys, come on! What am I going to do?
Phoebe: Well, if you don’t want your mother to move in with you, just tell her.
Rachel: You’re right. You’re right. I mean I’m about to have a baby, I can tell my mother that I don’t want her to just be sleeping on my couch! Oh my God! She’s gonna want to sleep in my bed with me. This cannot happen!
Monica: That’s right. That is right, you go over there and tell her you don’t want her to live with you. Do not take no for an answer!
Rachel: Okay. (She goes over to tell her mother.)
Monica: (To Phoebe) This is great! Now she’s gonna be mad at Rachel! Y’know what? And I’m just gonna swoop in there and be like the daughter she never had.
Phoebe: I have new respect for Chandler. All right everybody! It’s time to open the presents!
Monica: Yes! Yes! And I think that the first gift that Rachel opens should be from the grandmother of the baby, because you’re the most important person in this room. And in the world! Mrs.
Phoebe: How about you less important people, let’s open your presents! (Mrs. Green goes into the kitchen and Rachel follows her.)
Rachel: Mom that’s okay that you didn’t get you a gift! Mrs.
Rachel: Oh yeah. Okay, see mom, the truth is I can do this on my own. Mrs.
Rachel: But mom, I really know what I’m doing. I can handle this. Mrs.
Rachel: He was a hamster! I am not going to vacuum up my baby!
Phoebe: Okay, come on Rach it’s present time! Y’know you’re the glue that’s holding this whole party together. It’s kinda falling apart here. Mrs.
Rachel: Wow!
Phoebe: Okay, this is from your friend at work.
Rachel: Oh my gosh! Oh wow! Oh, I know what this is! (She’s holding an item with a large suction cup connected to a yellow plastic box, with a long narrow tube and bottle connected the yellow part.) Wait a minute. That can’t be right. Is that a beer bong for a baby? Mrs.
Rachel: Did I say I was done guessing? Okay, thank you for that. Oh wow! What’s this?
Rachel: Oh, it dispenses clean diapers!
Rachel: Well that’s gross, why don’t you just take it outside and throw it in a dumpster? Mrs.
Rachel: What?! It goes ten times a day! What are we feeding this baby?! Indian food?! Mrs.
Monica: Rachel, listen to your mother. She is very smart. Mrs.
Rachel: I don’t know, I’d leave it on the changing table? (Everyone gasps.) What?! What’d I do? What’d I do?! Mrs.
Rachel: Oh come—(Stutters)—Of course I know that. I mean of course you never leave a baby alone! I mean who would—she wouldn’t be safe as she would be with me, the baby dummy. Oh God, okay. Y’know what? I think opening the presents right now is a little overwhelming right now. So I think umm, I’m just gonna maybe open them a little bit later, but thank you all for coming. And for these beautiful gifts, and this basket is beautiful.
Rachel: Okay mommy, don’t ever leave me. (Hugs her.) Commercial Break [Scene
Joey: (To Chandler) In what John Houston film would you hear this line, "Badges? We don’t need no stinkin’ badges!"
Chandler: Treasure of the Sierra Madre!
Joey: Correct! There’s a possible backwards bonus!
Chandler: Madre Sierra the of Treasure!
Joey: Yes!
Chandler: I’d like to go up the ladder of chance to the golden mud hut please.
Joey: Wise choice, how many rungs?
Chandler: Six!
Joey: (makes a sound like a monkey) That noise can only me one thing.
Chandler: (disappointed and simultaneously as Ross) Hungry monkey.
Ross: (excited and simultaneously as Chandler) Hungry monkey! (To Chandler) Haaa! (To Joey) I’d like a Wicked Wango card!
Joey: Okay, it’s an audio question, name this television theme song. (Starts humming the theme to I Dream of Genie.)
Ross: (thinking) Oh. (Pause) Oh! Oh my God! Okay, I know this, give me-give me a second!
Chandler: Tell it to the Time Turtle!
Ross: Shut up! I Dream of Genie!
Joey: Yes! Yes, you’re back in the lead!
Ross: I’d like to spin the wheel! (Joey makes a sound like a game show wheel spinning with the pointer bouncing off of the bars on the wheel as it slows and comes to a stop.)
Chandler: (annoyed) Oh come on!!
Joey: All right! All right! Uh, umm, Super-Speedy Speed round!
Ross: Is there a hopping bonus?
Joey: Of course! (Ross gets up and starts to hop on one leg.)
Joey: Who invented bifocals?
Ross: Ben Franklin.
Joey: Correct! Which monarch has ruled Great Britain the longest?
Ross: Queen Victoria.
Joey: Correct again! But, you forgot to switch legs between questions, so no hopping bonus!
Ross: Noooo!!! Every time!!!
Joey: Now, over to Chandler.
Chandler: I’d like a Google Card.
Joey: Are you sure?
Chandler: Yes! (Pause) No! (Pause) Google!
Joey: Oh my God! Congratulations Ross, because Chandler, you’ve been Bamboozled!
Chandler: Nooo!!
Ross: Yeah!!
Chandler: This is the best game ever!!! [Scene
Rachel: So umm, you’re gonna stay with me as long as I need you? Mrs.
Rachel: Oh mom, I swear I’m not an idiot. I’ve read all kinds of books on pregnancy and giving birth, but I-I just didn’t think to read the part about what to do when the baby comes. And-and then guess what? The baby’s coming and I don’t know what to do. Oh, can I throw up in my diaper genie? Mrs.
Rachel: Wait-wait where are you going? Where are you going? Mrs.
Rachel: Okay. Mrs.
Monica: It is going to be okay! (Mrs. Green glances over her shoulder and glares at Monica while she heads for the bathroom.) It was worth a shot.
Ross: (entering, out of breath) Hey!
Phoebe: Hey! Why are you all red and sweaty?
Ross: I just Bamboozled Chandler! (Flexes in victory while everyone stares at him.) Which is not uh sexual thing. That was a quick shower.
Phoebe: Not if you were here.
Ross: Wow! It looks like we got a lot of good stuff.
Rachel: Oh we did, but my mom got us the greatest gift of all.
Ross: (excited) A Play-Dough Barber Shop?
Rachel: No. She’s going to live with us for eight weeks.
Ross: Uh, what?
Rachel: Yes! She’s gonna help us take care of the baby! Woo-hoo. (Sees that Ross isn’t happy.)
Ross: What—You’re not serious. I mean she’s a very nice woman, but there is no way we can take eight weeks of her. She’ll drive us totally crazy. Mrs.
Ross: Hi roomie! (Hugs her and looks at Rachel.) [Scene
Joey: (announcer voice) It’s a pleasure to meet you Ray.
Joey: (announcer voice) Rightie-O Ray!
Joey: (to the camera) Hello, I’m Joey Tribbiani! Let’s play Bamboozled! Erin, you get the first question! In hockey, who is known as The Great One?
Joey: Correct! Now, would you like to pick a Wicked Wango card or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
Joey: What—Why?!
Joey: Well what’s complicated? You spin the Wheel of Mayhem to go up the Ladder of Chance. You go past the Mud Hut through the Rainbow Ring to get to the Golden Monkey; you yank his tail and boom! You’re in Paradise Pond!
Joey: Well what’s fun about that? You expect me to be the host of a boring game that’s just people standing around answering questions?
Joey: (announcer voice to the camera) Let’s play Bamboozled! [Scene
Ross: Well we…we don’t have a garage. Mrs.
Ross: Y’know what? Maybe, Mrs. Green, it’s not absolutely vital that you live with us. Mrs.
Rachel: I do. I really do. I don’t know anything.
Ross: I’m-I’m sure that’s not true.
Rachel: Oh no? Pheebs? Monica? Do I know anything about babies?
Phoebe: No, not a thing.
Monica: It’s frightening.
Ross: Well uh, y’know what? Even if she doesn’t know anything, I do! I have a son. And his mother and I didn’t live together, and whenever he was with me I took care of him all the time, by myself. Mrs.
Ross: Yeah. Mrs.
Ross: That’s a different issue. Uh, the point is, when the baby comes I will be there to…to feed her and bathe her and change her. And more than that I want to do all those things. Mrs.
Ross: Yes! Yes, you’re gonna be so missed. Mrs.
Ross: Well you’re gonna be a wonderful grandma. (They hug.)
Rachel: Hello?! I still don’t know what the hell I’m doing!
Ross: Oh, come on, every first time mother feels that way. You’ll—you’re gonna pick it up. (Rachel doesn’t believe that.) Hey! You will! Uh look, y’know when you first came to the city? You were this spoiled helpless little girl who-who still used daddy’s credit card. Do you remember?
Rachel: I hope you’re going somewhere with this.
Ross: Look at you! What—You’re-you’re this big executive! You are much more capable than you give yourself credit for. I-I have no doubt you’re gonna be an incredible mother.
Rachel: Really?
Ross: I’m telling you.
Rachel: Thank you. (Hugs him.) Mrs.
Ross: Oh. (Rachel and he start to stand up.) Mrs.
Monica: (laughs) You’re still so funny. You’re so funny. (To Phoebe) What do I do?
Phoebe: Nothing! You have apologized to her like a million times and she’s been nothing but terrible to you. And don’t forget you just threw her daughter a lovely, albeit slightly boring, shower, and she hasn’t even thanked you for it.
Monica: Y’know what? You’re-you’re right.
Phoebe: Yeah I mean if you want to say anything to her, I’d tell her off.
Monica: Really?
Phoebe: Uh-huh!
Monica: Okay! I will! Mrs. Green? Mrs. Green! (She ignores Monica and Monica follows her out into the hall with Phoebe in tow.) It is rude to leave a party without saying good-bye to the host! Yeah, and-and also when someone apologizes to you the decent thing to do is to accept it! Now what I did to you, it wasn’t on purpose! But what you’re during to me now is just plain spiteful! Mrs.
Monica: That’s right! Maybe it’s time you took a good hard look at a mirror young lady…old lady…lady!
Phoebe: (To Monica) Wrap it up, wrap it up, wrap it up
Monica: So whenever you’re ready to apologize to me, I will forgive you. Good day! (Monica and Phoebe reenter the apartment and Monica closes the door on a stunned Mrs. Green.) I can’t feel my legs!
Phoebe: You were fantastic! I’m so proud of you!
Monica: Yeah? I’m proud of me too.
Phoebe: You should be!
Monica: Yeah could-could-could you get me something to drink?
Phoebe: You got it!
Monica: Okay. (When Phoebe turns around Monica runs out into the hall after Mrs. Green.) Mrs. Green! Okay I’m really sorry!! I’m apologizing for the—(She trips and falls down the stairs.) (Pause) Okay, I bit my tongue, but I’m still really sorry! Closing Credits [Scene
Rachel: (closing a book) Okay! I’m ready.
Ross: You sure?
Rachel: Yes, I’ve done my studying and I really know my stuff.
Ross: All right then. (Gets up, in an announcer’s voice) Rachel Green! Let’s play Bamboozled! (Reading from a note card.) How do you test the temperature of the baby’s bath water?
Rachel: Uh, put your elbow in it.
Ross: Excellent! How do you put a baby down for a nap?
Rachel: Full, dry, on its back, and no loose covers.
Ross: That’s correct! This is an audio question, what do you do when the baby makes this sound? (Makes a sound like someone is choking a cat.)
Rachel: Check if it’s wet, check if it’s hungry, burp it!
Ross: Excellent! Excellent, now-now do you want another question or a Wicked Wango card?
Rachel: A card! A card! I pick a card!
Ross: Oh, I’m sorry you’ve been Bamboozled! You’re gonna be a terrible mother! (Rachel stares at him agape.) I’ve lost sight of why we’re doing this! (Rachel gets up and walks away.) End
