Chandler: Hey
Joey: Hey. So where's Mon?
Chandler: Oh, she's at home, putting up decorations for Rachel's birthday party tonight.
Joey: And you're not helping?
Chandler: I tried, but apparantly singing "I will survive" in a helium voice    - not helping. (Ross and Rachel enter with Emma in Rachel's hands)
Ross: Hey you guys! Joey and
Chandler: (start to sing) Hey! Happy birthday ...
Rachel: Shhh don't say that loud, Gunther's gonna want to hug me.
Ross: Uh, good news everyone, we finally found a nanny. This is Molly (points    to Molly). Molly, Chandler, Joey. Joey and
Chandler: Hi.
Ross: Ooh, somebody's getting a little fussy.
Joey: You damn right I am, I've been waiting for a cookie for 7 minutes.
Rachel: Ok, you know what, I'm just gonna take her outside.
Rachel: OK, thank you.
Joey: Yeah, you too. (Molly leaves)
Rachel: Oh, wow, Molly is just great!
Ross: Yeah.
Chandler: Yes, Bravo on the hot nanny.
Rachel: What? You really think she's hot?
Chandler: Are you kidding? If I wasn't married she'd be rejecting me right now.
Rachel: And Joey?
Joey: How do you think she's doing?
Rachel: Am I the only one who doesn't think that she's hot? Ross?
Ross: Eh, I mean, I mena she's not unattractive but hot? I ....
Rachel: Thank you! (goes to get coffee)
Chandler: Now that Rachel's gone?
Rachel: So hot I cried myself to sleep last night. (Joey and Chandler clap their    hands) OPENING CREDITS [Scene
Phoebe: Hey Mike, what's the capital of Peru?
Phoebe: No. It starts with a "v" and ends with an "x". Helpfully    with a "to" in the middle.
Phoebe: What?
Phoebe: (relived) Oh, whew, no, that's Bob.
Phoebe: Well not so much a pet as, you know, an occasional visitor who    I put food out for, you know. Kinda like Santa. Except Santa doesn't poop on    the plate of cookies.
Phoebe: What are those?
Phoebe: OK, fine, if it means that much to you I'll get rid of Bob.
Phoebe: So weird, you think he's so gross and you're willing to eat his crackers.    (Mike throws out everything in his mouth) [Scene
Rachel: Hello.
Rachel: Gavin, I just wanted to say thank you again for watching Emma    yesterday during the presentation. I really owe you an appology.
Rachel: Well, when we first met, you know, I thought you were pompous    and arrogant and obnoxious ...
Rachel: No, I just mean that, you know, first impressions don't mean anything. And    I-I think you're a really good guy and I'm sorry that I misjudged you. (Heather walks in)
Rachel: Hello. (to Gavin) But you know what, hey, new day, new leaf,    I am just really really happy ... (sees Gavin staring at Heather) I'm sorry,    obviously Heather's ass has something more important to say so I'll just wait    'till it's finished.
Rachel: I was giving you an appology and you were totally checking her out!
Rachel: Oh wow, you are really, you're really a creep.
Rachel: Oh yeah, I'm jealous. "Oh Gavin, please, please look at    my ass". (Gavin starts looking) Stop looking at my ass! I mean, I just    think you are totally inappropriate, ok? This is a work environment, she's your    subordinate.
Rachel: That is totally different for two reasons. One - I didn't know    that you knew that. And two, I wasn't some creep staring at his ass, we had    a deap meaningful relationship.
Rachel: It was ... (can't remember) oh my god. He didn't have a last    name. It was just "Tag". You know, like Cher, or, you know, Moses.
Rachel: Oh, you know what - my first impression of you was absolutely    right. You are arrogant, you are pompous ... Morgan! Morgan! Tag's last name    was Morgan! Huh!
Rachel: Yeah well what are you, his boyfriend? [Scene
Joey: Man, I wish I had a nanny like you.
Joey: Sure. (Chandler is staring at Molly)
Monica: Would you stop staring at her?
Chandler: I wasn't staring. I was leering.
Monica: What's the big deal with her? Maybe she's attractive in an obvious kind    of way.
Ross: Yeah, obvious beauty's the worst. You know, when it's right there    in your face. Me, I like to have to work to find someone attractive. Makes me    feel like I earned it.
Chandler: Looks like Joey is doing allright with her.
Monica: Yeah. Hey, that was nice of you guys to back off and let Joey get the girl    for once.
Ross: Ok, I'll be home right after work. Ok, by Emma-Wemma-Demma, I love you    - wovyou dovyou ...
Monica: They've elected me to talk to you about the baby talk - it's not so good.
Chandler: Bye, Emma-Wemma-Demma.
Rachel: (to Joey) Hey, listen, Joey, about Molly, I really prefer if    you didn't go after her.
Joey: Why not?
Rachel: Because it took us months to find a good nanny and I wouldn't want anything    to, you know, drive her away.
Joey: So, what, you think I'm just gonna sleep with her and never call    her again and things are gonna get uncomfortable? (thinks about it) Yeah, sounds    about right.
Ross: Come on, there are plenty of other women out thereok? Just - just    forget about her, ok? Just, she's off limits.
Joey: Oh, man, why did have to go and say that for? Now that you told    me I can't have it makes me want her even more!
Ross: What are you, a child?
Joey: Yes!
Ross: Joey, come on now, for me! Please, just-just try to focus your sexual energy    on someone else.
Joey: Fine. (looks around, then focuses on Monica)
Monica: (to Chandler) Take me home! (they quickly leave) [Scene
Phoebe: Hey Mikey
Phoebe: What are you doing?
Phoebe: To kill Bob??
Phoebe: No, Mike, I don't want to kill him! I thought we were just gonna    capture him and, and you know, set him free in the country side where he can    maybe meet a friendly possom and a wisecracking owl.
Phoebe: I'll find Bob, I'll get him. Bob? (starts looking) Bob! Robert! (looks at    cabinet under sink) Oh wait, I think I hear him. Oh - Oh my god! Bob had babies!    Bob's a mom!
Phoebe: I don't know, I kinda like Bob for a girl.
Phoebe: Oh my god, we killed Bob!
Phoebe: Suzie? (Runs over there to check) [Scene
Ross: Whazzup??
Chandler: Seriously dude, 3 years ago.
Ross: Listen, can you do me a favor? I'm gonna be out today. Can you just keep    an eye on Joey, make sure nothing happens between him and Molly?
Chandler: You don't trust him?
Ross: Wh - No. Some woman who sounded a lot like Joey called earlier and asked    for her daughter, the "hot nanny".
Chandler: Is this really your long term plan, for me to run interference?    Because I could get a job any day now.
Ross: You do appear right on the cusp of something. Come on man, I'm    sure he'll lose interest in a week or two, but for now can you please just do    this for me?
Chandler: Allright, fine, but don't blame me if it doesn't work. Because you know    as well as I do that once Joey sets his mind on something, more often than not,    he's going to have sex with it.
Ross: Well we gotta do something, ok? Nannies like her don't grow on trees. (pause)
Chandler: Picturing that tree?
Ross: I am, yes. [Scene
Chandler: Where you going, Joe? (Joey falls on floor and gets up)
Joey: For a walk.
Chandler: Oh. You mind if I join you?
Joey: Actually, that will be long. You know, I really need to organize    my thoughts.
Chandler: Your thoughts? Plural?
Joey: Allright, fine, I only have one thought! It's about the hot nanny, I gotta    see her!
Chandler: I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Joe.
Joey: Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me!    She's forbidden fruit! It's like ... like she's the princess and I'm the stable    boy ... Why are you doing this, huh? Did Ross tell you not to let me go over    there?
Chandler: Yes, as a matter of fact he did, so I can't let you go.
Joey: Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the    world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.
Chandler: Great novels?
Joey: Fine ... mediocre porn [Scene
Rachel: Rachel Green's office!! Give me that phone! (takes the phone)    Hello, this is Rachel Green, how can I help you? Uh huh ... ok then ... I'll    pass you back to your son (gives phone to Gavin)
Rachel: Um, excuse me Gavin, I have a question I need to ask you.
Rachel: If you like looking at butts so much why don't you just go look at a mirror?
Rachel: Oh, please, I don't care about you enough to bug me. In fact,    from now on, I'm going take the high road. And I'm going be very very nice to    you, you "momma's boy", starting right now. (door knock, Monica enters)
Monica: Hey Rach!
Rachel: Hi!
Monica: Ready for your birthday lunch?
Rachel: Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to introduce    you to my very talented colleage and more importantly my wonderful friend Gavin    Mitchelle.
Monica: Pleased to meet you. So you're coming to Rachel's party tonight?
Rachel: Oh no no no no no, Gavin can't, he already has plans, most likely with his    mother.
Rachel: Why did you invite him?? I can't stand that guy!
Monica: You were just being so nice to him!
Rachel: I was faking it! Can't you tell when I'm being fake? (A man walks by)
Rachel: Hey, Mr Philips, nice suit!
Monica: Right there! That was so fake!
Rachel: Shh! [Scene
Rachel: (to Monica) I still can't believe you invited Gavin. Allright, he is the    last person I want to see.
Monica: Oh, you're welcome for the party. I'm glad you're having a good time.
Rachel: God, I hope he doesn't show up. Of course he's not gonna show up, the guy    hates me.
Monica: Does he?
Rachel: What?
Monica: Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first    grade when Skippy Langwild always pushed me on the playground because he secretly    had a crush on me?
Rachel: Oh, Monica, you think Skippy liked you? Honey, all those buys had a bet    to see if he can knock you over.
Rachel: Oh, ok, thank you. (Molly leaves) (to Monica) Do you see what all the guys    see in her?
Monica: Wouldn't kick her out of bed. No more Vodka for me! (put her glass down) (Joey comes over)
Joey: Hey Rach, so can I sing happy birthday to you now?
Rachel: Yeah, sure!
Joey: Oh ... (Starts to sing) Happy birth ... (sees Molly leaving) oh, see you    later (runs after Molly)
Monica: Hey Rach, somebody got you shoes!
Rachel: Oh, give me! (opens the box happily, then gets freaked and throws away the    box, she and Mon jump up the sofa)
Phoebe: Be careful, be careful! These are my rat babies!
Rachel: Ahhhh , you brought rats to my birthday party?
Monica: So this is what a stroke feels like.
Phoebe: I had to bring them! We killed their mother, they're our responsibility    now. You know, they require constant care. You should know that, Rachel, you're    a mother.
Rachel: Are you comparing my daughter to a rat?
Phoebe: No! Seven rats! I think we should take them home, we need feed    them.
Rachel: whhh wait, you're gonna leave my party to take care of a box of rats?
Phoebe: Well I'm sorry Rachel, but I'm not like you, ok? Not everyone    can afford help. (she and Mike leave) (Ross gets out of the bathroom, sees Chandler)
Ross: Where the hell are Joey and Molly? I asked you to watch them.
Chandler: (In a helium voice, holding a balloon) I'm sorry, I got a little occupied.
Ross: We have to stop them before something happens!
Chandler: (still helium voice) Right behind you, big guy! (they both head for the    door)  [Scene
Joey: So you see, Molly, what people don't understand is that acting is a discipline.    It takes a lot of hard work.
Joey: Oh, I didn't go to college.
Joey: Molly ... people don't study acting ... (Ross and Chandler walk in, Joey looks disappointed)
Ross: Molly, ah, do you mind giving us just a minute?
Ross: Thanx. (Molly gets up and walks away)
Joey: (upset) Will the stable boy never get the princess??
Ross: What do you think you're gonna do, have sex with her right here on my couch?
Joey: No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair.    What makes you think that I'm just gonna sleep with her and then blow her off?    Huh? Can't you guys open your minds to the possibility that I actally like her,    and might want something real? (pause) Look, the truth is, I haven't felt this    way about anyone since Rachel, ok? I didn't think I could ever love again. (pause) Ross and
Chandler: Come on! Joe!
Joey: Ok (admits) (knock on door, Ross opens, it's a woman)
Ross: Yeah, come on in. Molly?
Ross: Ok ... (they leave the room, long pause) Well, uh, Joey, I guess we have    no problem.
Joey: It's like my favorite fairy tale come true! (Chandler looks at him) The    princess, the stable boy and the lesbian! [Scene
Phoebe: Ok, ok, you start preparing the formula and I start changing    the box and then we gotta put them straight to bed.
Phoebe: Well, you know what, they're our responsibility now.
Phoebe: Mate? They're all brothers and sisters.
Phoebe: No. (opens the box) wh - get off your sister! Oh my god, what    are we gonna do? We have 7 rats. So what if each of them has 7 rats? And then    each of those have 7 rats? That's like ... (starts counting with her fingers)    That's math I can't even do! What are we gonna do?
Phoebe: Yeah, ok. I guess you're right. Allright, so we should just give them away.    But to nice families, with children, and reduced fat wheat thins. They're Bob's    favorites.
Phoebe: You must think I'm crazy.
Phoebe: Good. It's just so hard, it's hard for me to ... let them go.    I guess it just brings back memories, you know, from ... when I gave birth to    my brother's triplets and I had to give them up. (Mike is shocked) I haven't    told you about that yet, have I? [Scene
Monica: Hey!
Rachel: Hi. Thanks for the party, honey. Should I help you clean up?
Monica: No way! You had your party, now I have mine! Is everything alright?
Rachel: Yeah, I just get a little bummed when my birthday's over.
Monica: Well, at least you have one thing to be happy about. That jerk Gavin from    your office didn't show up (Gavin shows up at the balcony windows).
Rachel: Mmm hmm.
Monica: Oh, we weren't talking about you. No, no way to recover.
Rachel: No. (Monica goes back inside)
Rachel: Well, it was, and you would have seen it if you didn't showed up at (looks    at his watch) ...
Monica: (from inside) Again, you're welcome.
Rachel: Oh, you bought me a present! Why?
Rachel: Aww. Well, ok, well that's very nice. And you wrote a card (opens    the card). "From Gavin"
Rachel: (opens the present, it's a green scarf) Awww, awww, it's beautiful.
Rachel: See, Gavin, you're capable of being a nice guy. Why did you give me such    a hard time?
Rachel: Well Monica seems to think it's because you have feelings for me.
Rachel: You do?
Rachel: See? Why, Gavin, why? Right when I'm about to change my opinion    of you, you go and you ... (he kisses her) and you do that ... (they kiss again) [cut to Ross from his appartment, holding baby toys and is shocked to see    them kissing] ENDING CREDITS
Chandler: (sings in a helium voice) First I was afraid, I was petrified (very happy)
Phoebe: (walks in) Hey
Chandler: (normal voice) Hi
Phoebe: Listen, I think I've left something here.
Chandler: Oh, well someone left this (shows a green jacket). This is yours?
Phoebe: (likes the jacket) No, but I like it. I think I left one of    my rat babies.
Chandler: Oh, uh, well, I haven't seem it but if I do I'll let you know.
Monica: Ohmygod! Rat baby! Rat baby! Rat baby! (screams from another room)
Phoebe: (realizes) Ooh, maybe that's him!
