Chandler: (picking up the telephone, answering it with a frog    in his throat) Hello? (he clears his throat, but he still has the same frog    in his throat when he speaks again) Hello?
Monica: (in her apartment, screaming) I LOVE MY NEW JOB!
Chandler: Honey, you're screaming.
Monica: YOU BET YOUR ASS I AM! I just had the best first day    ever! The
Chandler: (yawning) Oh, that's great.
Monica: Yeah, a-a-and clean. Not just health department clean...    Monica clean.
Chandler: (clearly not so interested) Awesome.
Monica: Oh, and the people are so nice. There's this one guy,    Geoffrey, he's the Maitre D., Chandler, you will love him. He is without a doubt,    the funniest guy I have ever met. (Chandler, who was almost asleep again, sits    up straight in bed in an instant and can't believe what he just heard.) OPENING CREDITS [Scene
Phoebe: I know! (Phoebe picks up a little packet of sugar,    shakes it, and then realises she can't open it with one hand, but doesn't want    to let go of Mike's hand. She tries to tear open the packet with one hand.)
Phoebe: Yeah, I kinda do. (Mike lets go of her hand) Well,    how's this? (she takes Mike's hand and puts it on her breast, she tears open    the sugar and puts it in her coffee. Mike thinks it over and nods appreciative.    After that, they hold hands again. Joey now enters, and sees the two sitting    on the couch, holding hands.)
Joey: (in a very aaaaahhhhh sweeeeeet voice) Aaahhh, look    at you two... holding hands... huh is this getting serious? (Phoebe and Mike,    embarrassed, start babbling and look away.) Have you not talked about it yet?    (They say nothing now, but smile) Am I making you uncomfortable? (smiles are    becoming forced now, and he speaks to Mike) If you were bigger you'd hit me,    huh...? Aaaaaahhhhhh (he turns away to the bar)
Phoebe: I'm sorry... I'm sorry. It's obviously way too early    for us to be... having that conversation.
Phoebe: (in a flash she answers) Maybe not, is it?
Phoebe: (impatient) I know Mike, why don't you keep digging?
Phoebe: Oh, it's a key. To be honest, I think I'd prefer the    five dollars.
Phoebe: (really surprised) Oh wow, ooh! Ooh, big step for    Phoebe and Mike.
Phoebe: Oh no, I want to.
Phoebe: Yeah... ooh... wow... Even started to think I'd never    meet someone that, you know, I wanted to... do this with. Here you go. (Both    Phoebe and Mike look really proud.)
Phoebe: It really is.
Joey: (sitting at his table) Oh, I know it... It    is amazing these little things open doors... huh! (mimes opening a door with    his own keys, Phoebe looks at him in a "yeah, yeah, yeah" way.) [Scene
Rachel: So I don't go back to work for another four weeks,    but we would like our nanny to start right away, so that Emma could get a chance    to know her. Prospective
Rachel: That's great, great. So do you have any questions    for us? Prospective
Rachel: Allright. Well thank you so much for coming... (they're    standing up and make their way to the door)
Ross: Thank you.
Rachel: Really nice to meet you... and we'll call you. Prospective
Ross: Boy, we uhm... hadn't really thought of that. Prospective
Rachel: Okidoki! (and she slams the door in the nanny's face    while Ross crumples up the application form) Wow! We're never gonna find a nanny.
Ross: Oh, come on Rach, we will. I promise. We have more interviews    (They sit down and Rachel sighs) And worse comes to worse, we can always reconsider    the uhm... the first one we met with.
Rachel: (indignant) What, the blonde with no bra?
Ross: She was blonde? (he looks surprised for a while, but    then gets a "gotcha" expression on his face... There's knocking at    the door.) Just a sec.! Okay, okay. This one's name is Sandy. She's got a degree    in early childhood education, uhm... she worked for her last family for three    years.
Rachel: Okay... (Ross opens the door.)
Ross: And she's a little mannish... [Scene
Phoebe: (gasps) Oh my God! David!
Phoebe: (excited) No! It's a great time, come in...! WOW,    hi... Oh my gosh! What are you doing here? Are you back from Minsk?
Phoebe: Who cares, it got you here.
Phoebe: Wow. Where is your luggage? (David thinks for a while)
Phoebe: A-Allright, well... I'll call the cab company.
Phoebe: Thank you! God, no! You should see me when... Oh actually,    no, I look pretty good.
Phoebe: No... [Scene
Phoebe: I'm... I'm just... I'm the worst person ever. How    can I not tell David that I'm seeing Mike?
Monica: Maybe he didn't give you a chance.
Phoebe: He
Monica: Oh, well... That had been your window.
Phoebe: Yeah! I mean, I don't know. I was just , I was looking,    I was looking in his eyes and I was just
Monica: Really? The scientist guy?
Phoebe: Really? Chandler?
Monica: Continue...
Phoebe: Oh.Okay, then it gets worse, 'cause then I told him    that I would see him tomorrow night.
Monica: Phoebe!
Phoebe: I know! (points at herself) Evil! And... and... and...    I like Mike so much, you know. It's just going really well. Oh my God!
Monica: Wow, isn't it ironic that David would show up on the    same day that you and Mike exchange keys?
Phoebe: (sarcastically) Uhuh... Yeah...!, you know. And given    my life long search for irony, you can imagine how happy I am.
Monica: What are you gonna do?
Phoebe: I mean I guess, I just have to... tell David that    nothing can happen between us. Unless I don't... You know, complicated    moral situation, no right, no wrong...
Monica: You have to tell David!
Phoebe: Okay, I knew I should have had this conversation    with Joey. [Scene
Chandler: (angry) Funniest guy she's ever met! (to the door)    I'm funny, right...? What do you know, you're a door... You just like knock-knock    jokes... (laughs about himself, but then gets determined again) Save it for    inside! (he enters)
Monica: Heeeeeey!
Chandler: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Chandler: So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they    call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in any other state. (Monica    looks at Phoebe, who also doesn't know what to say.) And what's with Oklahoma    having a pan handle? Can all states have stuff like that? Hey yeah, I'm from    the waistband, Wyoming. But when I was seven, we headed over to the crotch.
Monica: (Doesn't believe what she's hearing) Was your cabin    pressurised?
Chandler: (laughs, but then moves to Phoebe) And don't get    me started on the way that people from Tulsa talk.
Phoebe: Okay. (and she walks away)
Chandler: What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two    words just... pushed together... Are we all allowed to do that, because if so,    I say why stop there? You know, your new poodle could be your noodle. And fried    chicken? Could be fricken.Waiter, waiter excuse me, I'll have the fricken? (Monica    laughs) See, that's... that's funny with the fricken, right?
Monica: No, it just remind me of something this guy did today    at work. I told you about that funny guy, Geoffrey, right?
Chandler: Yeah, he came up...
Monica: Well, he did this bit... You probably had to be there,    but it was Liza Minelli locked in our freezer, eating a raw chicken. (Phoebe    bursts out in a laugh)
Chandler: (to Phoebe) Were you there?
Phoebe: No, but it sounds like it was fricken funny... [Scene
Rachel: Sandy, that's exactly what it is...
Ross: Are you gay? (Rachel turns to Ross in an embarrassed    way)
Rachel: Ross!
Rachel: Oh!
Rachel: Oh, that's pretty.
Ross: (skeptic) So you're just like a... guy who's a nanny?
Ross: (on a yeah, right tone) Okay.
Ross: Yeah, kids say all kinds of crap. (In the other room    Emma starts to cry.)
Rachel: Oh God, she mu... she must need her diaper changed.
Rachel: Oh, that would be great! (Sandy leaves for Emma's    room) I love him, I love him, I love him...
Ross: Oh, come on, Rach, he's a guy!
Rachel: So wh..? He's smart, he's qualified. Give me one good    reason we shouldn't try him out.
Ross: Because, it's weird!
Rachel: Why?
Ross: What kind of job is that for a man? A nanny? I-It's    like if a woman wanted to be...
Rachel: (she's got that "yeah, try to say it" look    on her face) Yes?
Ross: King?
Rachel: (whispering and begging) Please? (Ross makes a "whatever"    gesture) YES! Sandy you're hired.
Rachel: Oooh... ***I really can't hear what she says*** come here.
Ross: You gotta be at least bi... COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene
Chandler: Hey! (Joey doesn't look up, but gestures 'wait a    minute' with his finger while he finishes reading the article. Chandler waits    for Joey to finish.) I need you to set me up for a joke. Later, when Monica    is around, I need you to ask me about fire trucks.
Joey: Ooh. I-I don't know Chan. I'm not so good with remembering    lines.
Chandler: (Can't believe what he hears) Well, thank God your    livelihood doesn't depend on it.
Joey: I know, right? (Chandler has really big eyes, and nods)    Wh... Wh... Why are we doing this?
Chandler: Monica says that her Maitre D. is the funniest guy    she's ever met.
Joey: Seriously? She actually said that?
Chandler: Yes! Am I crazy to be this upset?
Joey: Nooooo! Being funny is your thing!
Chandler: Yeah!
Joey: Without that, you just got "lame with women".
Chandler: Ye.... (stops because he realises what Joey just    said, and stares at him. At this moment Monica enters)
Monica: Hi! There you are.
Joey: (sees Monica) Fire trucks! (Chandlers eyes double in    size and he turns to Monica who doesn't understand what's happening. Then he    turns back to Joey, who says "you're welcome" without a sound) [Scene
Phoebe: Oof...
Phoebe: Oh, wait, wait!
Phoebe: No, no, it's not that. (they go sit on the couch)    Uhm... Remember when you asked me if I was seeing someone and I said no? Well,    uhm... I am. His ... his name is Mike.
Phoebe: Yeah, I should have told you.
Phoebe: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Phoebe: I am happy.
Phoebe: Well... but David, just... I just want you to know    that... that... you know... telling you this... is one of the hardest things    I've ever had to do.
Phoebe: Of course, yeah.(they hug and Phoebe sighs... a little    after that also David sighs and makes his way to the door) You know, a kiss    on the cheek wouldn't be totally inappropriate...
Phoebe: I mean... (David kisses Phoebe on the cheek, makes    his way to the door and turns around again)
Phoebe: Yeah?
Phoebe: Well, if that's what they do in Minsk... (They kiss    2 on each cheek... and then they pause... David turns to the door) In New York...    it's... (and then David grabs her by her neck and kisses her full on the lips...    They kiss passionately and cannot seem to stop.) [Scene
Rachel: (in a tearful voice) Oh... Oh boy... (she turns around    and sees Ross) Hi...
Ross: (very worried) Is everything allright?
Rachel: Oh yeah, it's fine, it's fine. Sandy was just... was    just telling me about how he proposed to his fiancée and it was just    sooo beautiful.
Rachel: I can't... I can't hear it again.
Ross: And I'm fine never having heard it... (Rachel looks    at Ross in a "why do you say that" manner) Rach, can I... can I see    you for a sec?
Rachel: Yeah! (to Sandy) Excuse me... (She walks to the kitchen    with Ross and sighs)
Ross: Do you realise that man has cried in our apartment three    times...? Huh? I haven't cried that many times since I moved in.
Rachel: Look, Ross, he's just... Sandy is just sensitive,    that's all.
Ross: (picks up a cookie) Okay, okay, see... that... that    is the problem. He is too sensitive. (takes a bite from the cookie)
Rachel: What...? Too sensitive to take care of our baby?
Ross: (speaking with his mouth full) Yeah, I mean, all things    that guy... (looks at the cookie) These are amazing!
Rachel: Sandy made Madeleines.
Ross: This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What    kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French cookies, huh? They're not even...    butch, manly cookies with... with... you know with... with chunks. (takes a    careful bite from the cookie)
Rachel: Well, I... you know, I-I-I don't know what to say...    I mean, I never thought of you as a guy who needed his men to be men.    You know, 'cause I gotta tell you Ross, it not like you just came in    from branding cattle.
Ross: Hey... there's sensitive... and there is too sensitive.
Rachel: Okay, what? What is too sensitive? (There's    music coming from the living room. Ross opens the door to the living room and    he and Rachel see Sandy play a song for Emma on his recorder. Rachel is moved    by this, but Ross only sees his point proven again, and walks back into the    kitchen, angrily. The door he was holding, swings back and hits Rachel.) [Scene
Phoebe: Hmmm... No, no... No, I can't do this. It's bad.
Phoebe: No, no. No.
Phoebe: Look David, if... if you had never left, then... yeah,    we'd probably still be together right now, but... you did leave, and I-I'm with    Mike and I really care about him...
Phoebe: (points to David) And you thanks for the    face massage. Thank you. [Scene
Ross: Did Rachel tell you we hired a male nanny?
Monica: Yeah! I think that's great!
Ross: Oh really? Did she tell you he plays the recorder, recites    poetry and bakes Madeleines?
Monica: Oh... How are they?
Ross: (looks like in heaven) Lighter than air... (changes    back to serious) But that's not the point. (Joey now also enters)
Joey: Hey!
Ross: Hey...! Rachel and I hired a male nanny.
Joey: (looks surprised) Really...? Guys do that...? That's...    weird...
Ross: Thank you!
Joey: That's like a woman wanting to be a...
Ross: ...a what? A what? What's the end of that sentence?
Monica: Yes... What is the end of that sentence?
Joey: Uhm... A penis model. (Monica can't believe what's she's    hearing and Ross pats Joey on the back.) Anyway, hey... Did you tell Chandler    that some guy from work is the funniest guy you've ever met?
Monica: Yeah, so?
Ross: Wow!
Joey: Really? Do you not know Chandler?
Monica: Is that why he's acting so weird...? He's jealous...?    Oh my God, that is crazy. It's not like I'm attracted to Geoffrey...
Joey: So what? Being funny is Chandler's thing...    You know, like Ross's thing is... (he can't come up with anything)
Ross: Science...? Academia...? Being a good father...?
Joey: ...No... (he just can't seem to grasp it)
Monica: I can't believe he's that upset about this...
Joey: Monica, you have to do some damage control here, okay.    'Cause he's feeling like... (the door opens and Chandler walks in with a pizza)
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: Heeeyy! Hey!
Chandler: What are you guys talking about?
Ross: Uhm... Rachel and I hired a male nanny. (Joey makes    a gesture and sound like "Can you believe that?")
Chandler: You got a man who's a nanny...? You got a manny...?    (Monica starts laughing, but very exaggerated. Joey realises they also should    laugh and punches Ross. Now all three of them laugh, but very fake. Chandler    seems happy again.)
Chandler: You know, I don't mind a... male nanny, but I do    draw the line at a male wetnurse. (again they laugh, even more fake than before)
Monica: Ohhh, ooohhh... you are on a roll, mister!
Chandler: If I'd known you guys were coming over, I would    have brought more pizza. (they all burst out in a thundering laugh)
Monica: Okay, okay... Chandler you... you stop it! (Monica    wipes away tears)
Chandler: What is so funny about that? (they realise    it wasn't a joke)
Monica: Well, I don't know... I-It's... just the way you say    it... I mean, you're funny... You have that funny thing. You're a funny guy!    (Chandler turns to Joey)
Chandler: Did you tell her what we talked about? (Joey starts    laughing hysterically, but then gets serious again...)
Joey: Yeah....
Chandler: So those were pity laughs? PITY LAUGHS? (Joey and    Ross walk away from the kitchen)
Monica: Honey, listen... You have nothing to worry about with    Geoffrey.
Chandler: Oh yeah? Is he funnier than me?
Monica: Well, you're... you're different funny... I mean,    you're... you're more sarcastic a-a-and... well, he does... bits... and impressions...    and... and limericks...
Chandler: I do limericks... uhm... There once was a man named    Chandler, whose wife made him die inside.
Monica: Honey, you know I think you're hilarious! Come on,    you know that joke you told me last week? The one about Jerry Lewis and the    girl with the lazy eye...? (he laughs) That slayed me.
Ross: Hey... I made up that joke and told it to you! (He points    at Chandler. Joey gestures to Ross "What are you doing?)
Joey: Not knowing when to shut up...
Ross: Yep! That's my thing... COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene
Phoebe: No, no, no, no, no... It's not... it's not... i'ts    not as bad as it looks... really. I was just saying goodbye to an old friend.
Phoebe: No, uhm... David and I did use to go out... but years    ago, and he lives in Minsk. He's only... he's only in town for a couple of days.
Phoebe: No, no...
Phoebe: Oh, well, yeah...
Phoebe: Stop it! Stop it, before someone gets really hurt!    (they stop and Phoebe gets David's jacket and gives it to him) Here David, you    should just go.
Phoebe: Okay, well... guys?
Phoebe: I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. If you... If you want your    key back, I totally understand.
Phoebe: Right! Never! Never! I swear! (They kiss... The door    opens and David comes in again.)
Joey: Yeah! Allright! Hey, hey Ross. Check it out! Sandy taught    me Hot-cross Buns.
Ross: Really? Sounded like Three Blind Mice.
Joey: Noooo... Three Blind Mice goes like this... (he puts    his fingers in position on the recorder)
Ross: (looks angrily at Joey and points at him) I swear to    God...! (Joey is in shock)
Joey: Me! I'm up for puppets!
Ross: Okay, okay... How exactly is a two month old supposed    to appreciate puppets?
Joey: I wanna be mr. Wigglemunch. (and makes a "there"    nod to Ross)
Ross: (shakes his head) Oh my God!
Rachel: That was kind of rude!
Ross: Oh, I'm sorry. Please apologise to Sandy and the Snufflebumps    for me.
Rachel: You know, he was just doing his job...
Ross: Well, you know what... I-I'm sorry I'm the only one    who isn't in love with Gary Poppins out there... But I just... I can't... I    can't go through with this.
Rachel: Oh, come on Ross...
Ross: No! Hey, you know what? I'm sorry. I would never force    you... to hire someone you were this uncomfortable with...
Rachel: (sighs) Oh... That's true.
Ross: Thank you!
Rachel: Well, you're the one who wants to fire him, so you're    gonna have to do it. (Ross walks to the living room determined to fire Sandy) [Scene
Joey: (kind of emotional) I am learning so much from you. [Scene
Chandler: Well, I'm off to Tulsa, so if your Maitre D. friend    has any funny Oklahoma jokes, tell him to e-mail me at www.hahanotsomuch.com.
Monica: Honey, you can relax. Last night at work, Geoffrey    told this really sexist joke. After that, not so funny anymore.
Chandler: Really...? See... that's the
Monica: Okay, don't miss that flight. You know I love you.
Chandler: I love you too. (Monica and Chandler kiss. He turns    to Joey.) And... I like you as a friend. (They hug and pat each other on the    back.)
Joey: Allright. See you later!
Chandler: See ya! (he leaves the apartment)
Joey: (to Monica) Did that guy really make that joke?
Monica: Naaaa... He still kills me. Last night he had me laughing    so hard, I swear... a little pee came out. [Scene
Ross: Here goes...
Rachel: I can't watch. It's like firing Elmo. (Ross walks    to the couch where Sandy sits)
Ross: Sandy... Hi, we uhm... we kinda need to talk. I'm afraid    it's not working out.
Ross: Yeah, uhm... I mean, Rachel and I, think you are great...    with Emma... uhm... We just feel...
Rachel: (from behind the bedroom door) YOU! You feel!
Ross: I... just feel that the... the chemistry isn't right.    I'm sorry. We're... we're more than happy to give you good recommendation...
Rachel: (from bedroom) Oh, damn you Geller!
Ross: Anyway, uhm...Well, I'm glad there's no hard feelings.
Ross: No, you know, it's uhm... nothing you did, it's... it's    uhm... my issue.
Ross: You know, I'm just not uhm... that comfortable with    a guy who's as sensitive as you.
Ross: Why... I... I don't know. (Sandy tilts his head again)    Uhm... errrr... maybe... maybe because of my father?
Ross: I mean, uhm... you know when I was growing up he was    kind of a tough guy... You know a-a-and as a kid I wasn't the athlete I am now.
Rachel: (from the bedroom) Huh ha ha!
Ross: I play squash...! Anyway, uhm... I uhm... I always get    the feeling he thought I was too sensitive.
Ross: It was hard... I remember... I was in my bedroom...    playing with my dinosaurs... playing and learning... and my father    walks in and says... he says... "What are you doing with those things?    What's wrong with you, why aren't you... why aren't you outside playing like    a... like a real boy?
Ross: I know I am! (Ross now starts to cry) ...And when it's    summer, and it's hot, why can't you wear a tank top?
Ross: Here come some more... COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene
Joey: Wow! You blow my mind...
Joey: Aaahh... How much do I owe you?
Joey: It's like the cheapest college ever. END
