Ross: And that's why, no matter what mommy says, we really    were on a break. (baby talk) Yes we were! Yes we were! (picks Emma up) Come    here gorgeous. (puts her on his knees and talks to her) Oh! Look at you! You    are the cutest little baby ever! You're just a... a little bitty baby, you know    that? But you've got... (in a softer voice) You've got big beautiful eyes...    Yes you do... and a... and a big round belly. (emphasises the B's) Big baby    butt! I like big butts. (raps) I like big butts and I cannot lie / you other    brothers can't deny / when a girl walks in with an itty, bitty, waist / and    a round thing in your face you get...(Emma laughs) Oh my God, Emma... you're    laughing! Oh my God, you've never done that before, have you? You never done    that before... Daddy made you laugh, huh? Well, daddy and Sir Mix Alot... What?    What? You... you wanna hear some more? Uhm...(raps) My anaconda don't want    none / unless you got buns hon... (Emma laughs again and Ross looks worried)    I'm a terrible father! OPENING CREDITS [Scene
Chandler: Hi!
Joey: Hey... hey listen... What do you guys know about investments?
Chandler: How come?
Joey: Well, I'm starting to make good money on the show and    I'm thinking... I should probably do something with it.
Monica: What do you do with your money now?
Joey: Well, I just tape it to the back of my toilet tank.    (realises that anyone could have overheard that) I didn't say that! It's in    a bank guarded by robots!
Chandler: Do you have any ideas?
Joey: Uh, yeah... This guy at work got me excited about going    in on an emu farm. That'd be kinda cool huh? Pitchin' in on the weekends, helping    to plant the emus...
Monica: Joe... Emus are birds. You raise them for meat.
Joey: (laughs) Yeah! Right! (points at Monica) People eat    birds... Bird meat... Now do they just fly into your mouth or you go to... you    go to a restaurant and you
Monica: Joey, I think you should consider something a little    less risky. I mean, I think in this market, real estate is your best investment.The    Fed. just lowered the rates and the interest on your mortgage is totally deductible.    (looks at Chandler) That's right, I know some stuff!
Joey: Real estate, huh? Hmmm...
Monica: (very excited) Oh, and you know who's selling a great    apartment? Richard!
Chandler: (imitating Monica) Oh, and you know whose knowledge    of her ex-boyfriend is shocking? Monica!
Monica: My dad told me. They play golf together.
Chandler: Oh, well... Maybe I'll join them some time. I just    hope the club doesn't slip out of my hand and beat the moustache off his face. [Scene
Phoebe: Hi! Rachel and
Monica: Hey!
Phoebe: Listen! You have to help me pick a dress 'cause I'm    meeting Mike's parents tonight! (Rachel gasps)
Monica: Wow, the boyfriend's parents! That's a big step.
Phoebe: (sarcastically) Really? That hadn't occurred to me.
Monica: They just gonna love you, just be yourself.
Phoebe: They live on the upper east side on Park Avenue!
Rachel: Oh yeah, she can't be herself.
Phoebe: Okay, so... allright... Which dress? (she holds up    two 'Phoebe' dresses, Rachel and Monica look at them... taking their time, don't    wanting to hurt Phoebe) You can say "neither". Rachel and
Monica: Oh God, neither!
Monica: I'm sorry honey, but we're gonna take you shopping.    It's gonna be fine.
Rachel: Yeah, totally! You are in such good hands. And I'm    so good with meeting parents. With the father, you know, you want to flirt a    little bit, but not in a gross way. Just kind of
Monica: You went out with Wallis Pincer?
Rachel: Uh, he took the SAT's for me.
Monica: I knew you didn't get a 1400!
Rachel: Ssshyeah, well, duh! I mean...
Phoebe: So... now... What about with Mike's mom?
Rachel: Oh, with the mother, just... just constantly tell    her how amazing her son is. Take it from me, moms love me. Ross's mom one time    actually said I'm like the daughter that she never had.
Monica:  (Monica looks at Rachel in disbelief) She said WHAT?
Phoebe: (speaking louder and articulating) That's she's like    the daughter she never had. (Phoebe points at her ears) Listen! (Monica looks    at Phoebe in a duh! way) [Scene
Rachel: Hi.
Ross: Hi.
Rachel: I just finished getting Phoebe all dressed to meet    Mike's parents. She's so nervous, it's so sweet!
Ross: Guess what? I made Emma laugh today.
Rachel: (in disbelief) You WHAT? And I missed it? Because    I was giving a makeover to that stupid hippie?
Ross: Yeah, and it was uhm... it was like a real little person    laugh too. It was... it was like uhm... (Ross tries to impersonate Emma's laugh,    but it comes out very squeaky, very high pitched. He laughs about himself but    then looks at Rachel, realises that it sounded weird and straightens his face.)    Only... only not creepy.
Rachel: Well... well, what did you do to make her laugh? (excited)
Ross: I uhm... Well, I sang... (Rachel gasps) well actually    I rapped... Baby Got Back... (Rachel's face changes from excited to angry)
Rachel: You WHAT? You sang... to our baby daughter... a song    about a guy who likes to have sex with women with giant asses?
Ross: But you know what, if you think about it, it actually    promotes a healthy uhm... body image... because... even big butts or uhm...    juicy doubles.
Rachel: (disgusted) owwwww...
Ross: Please don't take her away from me! [Scene
Joey: Hi I'm Joey. This is Chandler.
Chandler: So how come Richard's selling the place? Went bankrupt?    Medical malpractice? Choked on his own moustache?
Chandler: mmm That's enough about you!
Joey: Is there anything we should know about the apartment?
Chandler: No, no, no, no, no, NO! No, no... we're not together.    We're not a couple. We're definately not a couple.
Joey: Well, you seem pretty insulted by that. What? I'm not    good enough for you?
Chandler: We're not gonna have this conversation again...    Look at this place. Why am I so intimidated by this guy? Pretentious art, this    huge macho couch. When we know all he does is sit around all day crying about    losing Monica to a real man! (laughs) You don't think he's here, do you? (Joey    looks around)
Joey: You know what it is? It's a nice place but I gotta see    I don't know if I see myself living here. Oh, oh, oh, let me see... (Joey sits    down on the couch, mimes opening a can and puts his hand down his pants) Yeah,    I could see it.
Chandler: (Chandler looks around the place and his eye gets    caught by Richard's video collection) Look at these videos. You know, I mean,    who does he think he is? Magnum Force, Dirty Harry, Cool Hand Luke... Oh my    God!
Joey: What?
Chandler: There's a tape here with Monica's name on it.
Joey: Ooh! A tape with a girls name on it. It's probably a    sex tape... (realises) Wait a minute... This says Monica... (looks around) And    this is Richard's apartment... (realises some more)
Chandler: Get there faster! (Joey gasps and finally understands...) [Scene
Phoebe: I'm wearing pantyhose!
Phoebe: Oh, thank you! Oh... Oh my God, you're RICH!
Phoebe: Yeah, so... They gotta die someday. (Mike's parents    walk in) HELLO!
Phoebe: (in a very posh accent) Theodore... Bitsy... What    a delight!
Phoebe: And you... Your home is lovely.
Phoebe: Holy crap!
Phoebe: Oh, try and stop me!
Phoebe: (no accent) I'm trying to get your parents to like    me.
Phoebe: (accent) Got it! It... It's hard to stop...
Phoebe: (no accent) Uhm... Okay, well, allright, uhm... Originally    I'm from upstate, but uhm... then my mom killed herself and my stepdad went    to prison, so... I just moved to the city where uhm... I actually lived in a    burned out Buick LeSabre for a while... (frowns are received) which was okay,    that was okay, until uhm... I got hepatitis, you know, 'cause this pimp spit    in my mouth and... but I... I got over it and uhm... anyway, now I'm uhm...    a freelance massage therapist, uhm... which, you know, isn't always steady money    but at least I don't pay taxes, huh... (everyone in the room finds it a bit    surreal, which Phoebe realises and starts to talk in the accent again) So...    where does everyone summer? COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene
Phoebe: God! God! This is not going well.
Phoebe: Okay, okay, okay, okay... Still sure about me being    myself?
Phoebe: So Theodore... I uhm... I can see where Mike gets    his good looks from...
Phoebe: Yeah... And that physique! You must work out all the    time...
Phoebe: Yeah I bet! Look out! (Phoebe punches Theodore right    in the stomach)
Phoebe: Oh my God, are you okay?
Phoebe: I'm so sorry!
Phoebe: I really, really am sorry.
Phoebe: Yes... I'm sorry, I've never met a boyfriends parents    before...
Phoebe: Yeah okay... yeah, your mom... okay... She looks nice,    I can talk to her.
Phoebe: Yeah... Oh Bitsy, hi. Uhm... listen I just wanted    to thank you again for having me here tonight.
Phoebe: Also uhm... I just want you to know what a wonderful    man your son is.
Phoebe: Well, and you know, it really is a testament to how    he was raised. Especially to you. Because he's very respectful of women.
Phoebe: Are you kidding. He is so considerate of my feelings    and... you know I think... you'd also like to know that he is a very gentle    lover.
Phoebe: (Mike now enters and stands behind Phoebe) Oh no,    no, no, no, no, no. Don't get me wrong. No, he's not in like a sissy way. No,    no, no... when he gets going, he can rattle a headboard like a sailor on leave...
Chandler: I'm not gonna watch it... I don't NEED to watch    it... I mean, what good could possibly come from watching? (sighs) Well, we    know I'm gonna watch it. (Chandler moves to put the tape in the VCR and Joey    enters the apartment)
Joey: Hey dude, what's up?
Chandler: Don't judge me, I'm only human!
Joey: Did you take that tape?
Chandler: I had to! Okay, imagine you were married... and    you found a tape of your wife in another guys' apartment... Wouldn't you need    to know what was on it?
Joey: I don't know. Who'm I'm married to?
Chandler: Some girl...!?
Joey: She hot?
Chandler: Yeah...!?
Joey: How did she get me to settle down?
Chandler: Allright, I'm gonna watch it... I mean look, it's    probably not even what I think it is... And even if it is... It can't possibly    be as bad as what I'm picturing in my head... (laughs nervously) Can it?
Joey: Guess I don't know. My
Chandler: Then you're gonna have to watch it for me.
Joey: (backs off) What? Whoo... What?
Chandler: Just for a few seconds, so I can know what it is...    Please?
Joey: All right, fine... But if I enjoy this, you have only    yourself to blame... (Chandler turns his back to the TV. Joey puts the tape    in the VCR, switches it on and watches what's on the tape... It's clearly a    american football match, with the referee's whistle blowing, the crowds cheering...)
Chandler: Why am I hearing cheering?
Joey: Well it's okay, its like... its just a football game.
Chandler: Football? Just football?
Joey: Yeah, see... you were all worried for nothing.
Chandler: It's football... It's just football... This is great!    This is the first time I've ever enjoyed football... It may be customary to    get a beer... (Chandler walks to the fridge, his back turned to the TV and a    moaning sound replaces the cheering of the crowd... Joey's eyes double in size...)    What the... (Chandler turns around, but Joey already took a sprint for Chandler,    jumps, and floors Chandler in the open space in front of the apartment door...)    What are you doing?
Joey: You don't wanna see what I just saw! (at this moment    Monica comes home, and sees Chandler flat on his back on the floor and Joey    pinning him down)
Monica: What are you guys doing? (Monica hears the moaning    coming from the TV and looks at it) Oh my God, is that Richard? (It only takes    a split second for Joey to realise, he pulls Monica down by her jacket, and    she falls, face down next to Chandler. Chandler gets up a bit, and Joey quickly    covers Chandler's eyes with his hand.) [Scene
Rachel: Okay... aahhh... Please laugh for mommy... Please?    Please laugh for mommy... (Rachel makes a funny face, sticking her tongue out,    making a farting noise and using her hands as antlers, wiggling her fingers...    No response from Emma...) Not funny huh? Oh so, is it... only offensive novelty    rap? Or maybe just, you know, rap in general? 'Cause mommy can rap... (Rachel    tries to rap and makes weird movements with her arms in the process.) My    name is mommy and I'm here to say / that all the babies are... Oh, I can't    rap... Allright sweetheart... This is only because I love you so much, and I    know that you're not gonna tell anybody... (Rachel's face is telling "Oh    what am I doing? The things I have to go through... and she starts to rap) I    like... big butts and I cannot lie... / You other brothers can't deny... / when    a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist and a round thing in your face... (Emma    starts to laugh) Yes! Yes! Yes! YES! Oohhhhh! Oh! (Rachel now really gets into    it, and her insecure movements start getting better) I like big butts and    I cannot lie... / You other brothers can't deny... Oh Emma you're laughing!    Oh you are, you really do like big butts, don't you. Oh you beautiful little    weirdo... (Rachel picks up Emma and Ross now enters)
Ross: Hey!
Rachel: Oh you missed it. She was laughing. Oh it was amazing.    It was amazing. It was the most beautiful, beautiful sound that...
Ross: Oh I know, isn't it? Ooh... what'd you do to get her    to laugh?
Rachel: Oh! You know, I just... couple of things I tried ...    I just sang a little doo... Itsy Bitsy Spider...
Ross: You sang Baby Got Back didn't you?
Rachel: Nothing else worked. That girl is all about the ass... [Scene
Phoebe: ...and then it goes back to the chorus... Smelly    cat, Sme-lly ca-t / I-t's not your fau-lt. And that's the end of the song...    I realise that you didn't ask to hear it, but uhm... no-one had spoken in seventeen    minutes.
Phoebe: Oh, Pervert Parade?
Phoebe: Oh, Ode To A Pubic Hair?
Phoebe: Oh God! Is that veal?
Phoebe: Oh no, no, no, no... That's okay, that's okay... I    mean, I'm... I am a vegetarian... except for veal... Yeah no, veal I love...
Phoebe: No, no, no, I actually it's any baby
Monica: So you stole that tape from Richard's apartment?
Chandler: Whoho ho... Listen to the judgement from the porn    star!
Monica: That tape was never meant to be seen by... (pauses)    Joey I would feel more comfortable if I was having this conversation in private.
Joey: (laughs) Monica, look... I don't think you and I have    any secrets anymore... (Monica keeps looking at Joey) Not ready to joke about    it yet, okay, I see you later. (Joey walks out)
Monica: Why in the world would you take this tape and and    why would you watch it?
Chandler: Because that's who I am, okay? I'm sure a mature    man like Richard could see a tape like that and it wouldn't bother him. Just'd    be another saucy anecdote for him to share at his men's club over brandy and    moustaches.
Monica: Is all this about you not being able to grow a moustache?
Chandler: This is about you and Richard. He's clearly not    over you. He keeps a tape so he can... look at it whenever he wants.
Monica: Isn't that sad? I mean, can you see how pathetic that    is? You shouldn't be jealous. You should feel bad for him.
Chandler: Oh, yeah, well, poor Richard. Y'... I can grow a    moustache!
Monica: Chandler, this is not our problem. We've got each    other. That's all that matters.
Chandler: Yeah, oh, but I just keep picturing you rolling    around with him with your cowboy boots in the air...
Monica: Cowboy boots? I've never worn cowboy boots in my whole    life! (she turns on the video again)
Chandler: Oh, good, good. Play more, 'cause I wanna see how    it ends.
Monica: THAT'S NOT ME!
Chandler: What...? That's not you! Life is good again! Ride    'em cowgirl!
Monica: That bastard taped over me! (Chandler's expression    changes)
Chandler: Is that a problem?
Monica: I-It's just so insulting! Big spring for a new blank    tape, Doctor! [Scene
Phoebe: Yeah... The woman you what?
Phoebe: I love you too...
Phoebe: YEAH...! How great is this...? (they kiss)
Phoebe: Okay.
Phoebe: I had a great time. (accent) It was really top drawer.    And here's something
Ross: She sweat, wet. got it going like a turbo 'vette.
Rachel: So fellas
Ross: Yeah!
Rachel: fellas
Ross: Yeah!
Rachel: has your girlfriend got the butt?
Ross: Hell yeah!
Rachel: So shake it! (Rachel slaps Ross's butt on    the beat)
Ross: Shake it!
Rachel: Shake it!  (Phoebe, Mike, Chandler, Monica    and Joey step in)
Ross: Shake it!
Rachel: Shake that nasty butt...
Ross: Baby got back (Then Ross turns around and sees    their friends standing in the doorway)
Rachel: One more time from the top... I like big butts    and I cannot lie, you other br... (She also turns and sees the gang)
Ross: Rachel please! That is so inappropriate! END
