Monica: Hey Hon, could you help me get the plates down?
Chandler: Yeah. Hey, here's an idea, why don't we use our   wedding china today?
Monica: No, I think we should save our china for something   really special. Like if the Queen of England comes over.
Chandler: Honey, she keeps canceling on us, take the hint.
Monica: What if something gets broken, they're so expensive.
Chandler: What is the point of having them if we never use   them?
Monica: Ok, but if something gets broken, and then the Queen   comes over..
Chandler: I will explain it to her.
Monica: <laughs> Oh yeah, like I'm going to let you   talk to the queen.
Joey: wow, the parade is really good this year. Man those   horses can crap.  TV
Chandler: Muskogee! That's like four hours from Tulsa. Woo   hoo!   TV
Joey: Oh my God!
Chandler: Aren't you one of the stars of the popular daytime   soap Days of Our Lives?
Joey: Yeah! I totally forgot I'm supposed to be there. I   can't believe I forgot. I usually write stuff like this on my arm.  <Chandler grabs Joey's left arm and pushes the sleeve up> <Joey looks>   Oh! Stupid long sleeves.
Chandler: What are you going to do?
Joey: I guess I'm going to have to come up with a really   good reason why I wasn't there. The producers are going to be so mad at me.   They sat us all down yesterday and said "Everyone has to be there at
Chandler: Well you proved them wrong. Joey
Ross: A lot of people are thankful for those. < knock on door>  Woman at
Rachel: Who is it?  Woman at
Rachel: Hide my rings. <Ross goes into Rachel's room>
Rachel: Oh. <opens door preparing herself and then happily   says>    Amy! Happy Thanksgiving.
Rachel: Um... hi.
Rachel: Aw.  <Amy grabs her arms>
Rachel: I haven't seen you in like.. a year.
Rachel: Oh well yeah me too. Um.. I had a baby.
Rachel: Oh.. yeah? Well unless you pushed a desk out of your   vagina, <shakes head no> not the same thing.
Rachel: mh hmm..
Rachel: Uh.... its Emma.
Ross: Hey Amy.
Rachel: Oh Amy, you remember Ross.
Ross: That was me.
Monica: Careful. <hands Chandler a china plate> Careful.   CAREFUL!  <Chandler is startled and nearly drops the plates.> Sorry.
Chandler: I'll tell you what, for the rest of our lives,   I'll be careful until told otherwise. <looks at china> hey wait a minute   this isn't the china we picked out..
Monica: I know, after you left the store, I chose different   ones.
Chandler: Why?
Monica: well no offense honey, but your taste is a little   feminine for me.
Chandler: Oh suddenly, flowers are feminine? < Phoebe comes in>
Phoebe: Hey, everybody. Happy Thanksgiving!
Joey: Hey happy Thanksgiving.. Pheebs! <motions her to   come over>
Phoebe: Hey, what's going on Joe?
Joey: I.. I.. I need a good lie.
Phoebe: Oh okay. How about the whole "man walking on   the moon" thing. You know? You. you could. You could see the strings people!
Joey: No, no, no I need a good lie to explain why I wasn't   at a work thing today.
Phoebe: Ooh, honey. You stink at lying.
Joey: I do not.
Phoebe: Oh really. Okay. let me ask you something. Yesterday   at the coffee house, I went to the bathroom and when I came back, my muffin   was gone-who took it?
Joey: Somebody opened the door to the coffee house and a   raccoon came running in, went straight for your muffin and I said "Hey   don't eat that-that's Phoebe's" and he said.. <pause> He said.. "Joey   you stink at lying." What am I going to do?
Phoebe: Don't worry, don't worry. We'll come up with a good   lie. I'll help you practice it.
Joey: Oh great, that'd be great. Thank you.
Phoebe: Sure, what.. what was the work thing?
Joey: Uh.. <forgetting what the work thing was, rolls   up his sleeve on his right arm and shows Phoebe, she looks>
Phoebe: "Pick up grandma at the airport"?
Joey: Oh.. man.. Ross and Rachel's Apartment.  Amy with straight
Rachel: Amy! <pause> Yes I do.. I really do. <grabs   Ross' hand for support> <Amy's cell phone rings>
Ross: Sure, we don't live there but...
Rachel: Yeah, no. Ross has a PhD.
Rachel: God she is unbelievable.
Ross: I know, I mean a PhD is just as good as an MD.
Rachel: Oh sure Ross, yeah. If I have a heart attack in a   restaurant, I want you there with your fossil brush.  Amy storms
Rachel: What? What happened?
Ross: Don't say that.
Rachel: Oh Amy, don't cry Amy.  Um.. Ross, could I talk   to you in private?
Ross: Sure, you want to go upstairs? <Ross and Rachel go in the kitchen>
Rachel: Um look I was thinking.. If its ok with Monica I   would like to invite Amy to Thanksgiving.
Ross: You know, I think thats a great idea. It'll be like   the pilgrims bringing the Indians syphilis.
Rachel: Look I know she's a little tough to take. She has   no where else to go, and she's my sister. Alright, she's Emma's aunt. And I   would like them to bond.
Ross: Ok, fine, but I don't want them bonding to much. I   don't want her telling Emma she needs a nose job.
Rachel: Ross, you know what? She may need one..We're just   going to have to make our peace with that!  <Rachel grabs Ross' hand for support and starts to cry a little> Monica and Chandler's apartment Rachel opens their
Rachel: Hey you guys, this is my sister Amy.  This is   Chandler, Joey, Phoebe and you know Mon.
Monica: Hi. Monica to
Ross: Hi. <they hug and kiss on check>  Monica to
Joey: Pheebs, I still need some help here
Phoebe: Oh right, ok um. Ok so its not just the lie you tell.   but its the way you tell it. . For example if you look down at the ground when   you're talking, people know you're lying.
Joey: Oh.. I don't know why this is so hard for me. you know..   I mean lying is basically just acting and I am a terrfic actor.  Phoebe looks
Rachel: Oh we just put her down for a nap.
Phoebe: Thats a great movie. <she claps> <Joey nods in agreement>
Ross: Emma.  Amy turns around to
Phoebe: Emma, Ross wants you.
Phoebe: PHOE-BE. Amy turns to Ross and
Rachel: Why does she keep making that   noise?
Rachel: Honey, I don't know how to tell you this, but um,   if something were to happen to Ross or to myself <Ross and Rachel knock   on wood> um you wouldn't get the baby.
Ross: Well we haven't offically asked them yet, but we would   want Monica and Chandler.
Chandler: I can't believe you'd want us to raise Emma.
Monica: yeah oh my god, I'm so moved.
Rachel: See look Amy, we're a lot closer to Monica and Chandler.   We see them every day. And truthfully honey, you don't seem very connected   to the baby.
Chandler: You know, guys I got to say. This means so much   to me. That you would trust me with your child. I mean, we all know that Monica   and I have been trying to have a baby of our own. You know I've had my doubts   about my skills as a father, but that you two.. that you two.... <starts   to cry>
Monica: Okay! It's time for dinner. Everyone we're using   our fancy china.. um and its very expensive so please be careful. Ross starts playing with a
Monica: Okay, just to be clear comedy with the plates will   not be well recieved. <pinches Ross' arm> Ross makes some sort of sound to let us know it hurt.
Joey: Hey! How come my plate's less fancy then everyone else's?   Do you not trust me with a fancy plate?
Monica: No, honey, its. thats a special plate.  See   its a game, whoever gets that plate wins.
Joey: I can't believe I won.
Rachel: Monica is Ross' sister.
Monica: That was me.
Rachel: Hey. Amy. You've got to stop doing that. <Amy gets pissed and starts cutting food on the fancy plate very harshly,   you can hear the silveware scraping the fancy plate>  Monica about to have a heart
Monica: Now see, this way you protect the plate.. and lets   face it you have fun.
Chandler: No, if crazy plate lad.. <sees Monica frustrated   at this comment> If Monica dies then I would get Emma, Right? <Ross and Rachel pause and ponder this>
Rachel: Well actually...
Chandler: Actually what?
Ross: well.. its just. its just in that case, then um. Emma   would go to my parents.
Chandler: What?
Chandler: So if Monica's not around, then I'm not good enough   to raise Emma?  Ross looks
Joey: Yeah he's lying. He looked down.  <Joey looks to Phoebe and she nods in agreement>
Chandler: Well what is wrong with me? Am I .. am I incomptent?   Because I managed to survive whatever it is that killed the three of you!
Rachel: Honey, you're taking this the wrong way. We think   you're going to be a wonderful parent. It's just.. you're more the fun parent.
Ross: Yeah and we'd want to make sure Emma has someone like   Monica who is more uh. uh discliplinarin.. someone who can be firm and strict.
Monica: Thats not how you see me, is it?  Phoebe while cutting a sweet potatoe in the
Chandler: Look, I may not know a lot about babies, but do   you really think I'm not capable?
Ross: No, you both are equally capable. Its just.. you're   strongest when.. when you're together.
Chandler: Ok. So if we both had Emma and I die <knocks   on table>  she'd have to give her up.
Ross: Sure, Monica would have to give her up.
Joey: I lie better then that, right?
Chandler: So.. let me get this straight. So my two friends   die, I get Emma. Then my wife dies, then Emma the one tiny ray of hope left   in my life gets taken away from me?
Phoebe: There's your movie! <claps>  Later on. Monica opens her front door. Chandler is sitting in the hallway.
Monica: Hey. There you are. You disappeared after dinner.
Chandler: Oh? Did somebody miss me? Is there a child to raise   poorly?
Monica: Ross and Rachel don't know what they're talking about.   I mean its not like their so responsible. Emma is a product of a bottle of   Merlot and a five year old condom.
Chandler: Yeah but they're right. I mean, I'm not a strong   father figure and I never will be.
Monica: No you learn these things. You grow into it.
Chandler: Yeah, but its not who I am. Everything they said   was exaclty why I was worried about having a kid. And its true. And look everybody   knows it.
Monica: I don't know it! I want to have a kid with you because   I think you're going to be an amazing dad... at the fun parts and the hard   parts.
Chandler: Oh yeah, well can you picture me saying "Go   to your room! You're grounded"?
Monica: Can you hear me say "You're grounded"?
Chandler: You said that to me last week.
Monica: How hard is it? No shoes on the furniture.  Back to Monica and Chandler's apartment. Amy is sitting on a chair by the bay window looking mad. Joey groans and gets off the
Phoebe: It's ok. I thought of the perfect lie for you. It's   easy to remember and doesn't invite a lot of questions. You weren't at the   parade because you had a family emergency.
Joey: Oh, I like that, yeah. Wasn't at the parade because   I had a family emergency.
Phoebe: Ooh, what happened?  Joey all nervous and looking down and fiddling with his
Phoebe: No! Nothing with a raccoon.
Joey: Arg... Alright, I'll take care of it. <throws hands   out in the air> Monica and Chandler come through the front door.
Monica: Oh wait.. What are you doing?
Joey: Setting the table.
Phoebe: Yeah we thought it would be nice to use the fancy   china for dessert too.
Monica: Oh how nice. Maybe later we can all go blow our noses   on my wedding dress.  Ross comes out of the guest bedroom with the diaper bag and the car seat carrying   thingy.. yeah.. thats the techinal term.. He goes to Chandler.
Ross: Hey dude, you okay? Sorry about before.
Chandler: Oh no thats okay, you're totally right. I don't   know anything about disciplining a child. But it did hurt my feelings and I   want you to know that when I die, you don't get Joey.  Ross walks away with a face of yeah ok. Amy walks over to the couch and sits down next to
Rachel: Ucch.  <pauses> Uchh <louder   this time> In case you hadn't noticed, I'm not talking to you.
Rachel: UCHH! <much louder and longer then Amy's>
Rachel: Yeah.. yeah right.. Remember in high school when   I died and didn't give you my baby?
Rachel: What? What carrer?
Rachel: Ok. You decorate dad's office and so now you're a   decorator. Okay! I went to the zoo yesterday and now I'm a koala bear.
Rachel: Sup.. You want to talk supportive? You didn't even   come and visit me when I was in the hospital having the baby.
Rachel: I did the first time! Oh. Oh.. <gets up and walks   into the kitchen> And you know what. You want to know why I'm not giving   Emily to you.
Ross: Emma.  Rachel turns to
Ross: Oh whose side are you on? <back   to Amy> I'm not giving you Emma because there is no way you could handle   the responibility of a child.
Joey: ooh oooh..
Rachel: uh huh.
Rachel: Jealous of what? Of your lack of responsiblity? You,   your immaturity? Your total disregard of other people's feelings?
Rachel: Timmy was my boyfriend and you made out with him!
Rachel: I cannot, I cannot believe that I invited you here   today.
Rachel: ah ha ha. ah ha ha. <evil meancing laughter> It's   forty five.
Rachel: You take that back.
Rachel: Take it back!
Rachel: Heey man, I work out.  <Ross nods his head and points at her, in a yes manner>
Rachel: I do pilates.
Rachel: Bring it on!  <Amy pushes Rachel and Monica goes berserk and runs around the table>
Monica: Put the plates in the boxes!! Put the plates in the   boxes!
Rachel: Did you just push me?
Rachel: Alright. Thats it! <Pushes Amy back>  Monica screaming at
Ross: Forget the bubblewrap! There isn't   time!  <Rachel and Amy 'fighting'.. They're really just trying to slap each other   and just keep slapping their hands>  Rachel starts messing up Amy's
Phoebe: Oh my god! Shouldn't we stop this?
Joey: What? Are you out of your mind? Lets throw some jello   on them.  <Amy starts spitting on Rachel's hand and Rachel is saying ew and pushes   her away>
Rachel: Ew! Gross.  <Amy runs towards Rachel and Rachel puts her arm out, hand on Amy's head   and Amy starts trying to hit her but is missing, Rachel is moving backwards   towards the table when her hand swipes the one plate left on the table on to   the floor> <Everyone is shocked and Monica faints and Ross catches her>
Chandler: Alright! That is it. This is our apartment and   you can not behave this way. Now if you can't act your age then you shouldn't   be here at all. Now those plates may not be as nice as the pretty pink ones   I picked out, but they're very important to Monica. I want you to apologize   to her right now.
Rachel: Mon, I'm so sorry.
Chandler: Okay. Thats better. Now I want you to both apologize   to each other and mean it.  Amy and Rachel at same
Chandler: By the way, that fight was totally arousing.
Ross: Dude. Well done. You know what? If I die, and Rachel   dies and Monica dies then you can totally take care of Emma.
Chandler: Oh yeah? Well thanks.
Ross: So, so now do I get Joey?
Chandler: Okay, but you should know he eats five times a   day and shoves pennies up his nose.  <Ross ponders that and walks away>
Rachel: Are you okay Mon?
Monica: uh huh.. I mean these things happen. Its' just a   plate. Its not like somebody died.
Phoebe: It's all right. You can mourn.  Monica starts
Joey: Actually its not pies, its just pie.
Monica: I don't care. <pauses and realizes...> Oh my   god. I've lost the will to scold.
Rachel: Look Amy, it got a little of control..Um.. and I'm   sorry. You're my sister and uh.. if it really means that much to you..
Rachel: Uh. No.. I was going to let you use my Ralph Lauren   discount.  Amy starting to
Rachel: She needs changing.
Chandler: Oh no no no.. I'll get her. I'm super-compentent   and totally responsibile and fourth in line to raise Emma. I'll be right there   Emma. Just let me get my trusty diaper bag here. <knocks over the box of   china> Well.. what do you know? I guess, I'll be the one who dies first. COMMERCIAL BREAK [Scene
Phoebe: Hey, does Monica know about her broken plates yet?
Chandler: Nope...
Phoebe: Broke them all, huh?
Chandler: Yep...
Phoebe: You gonna tell her?
Chandler: Nope... (Monica walks in) Hey... so I'm gonna...   put the plates back. You know, I think you were right, I don't think we should   use these plates again for a looong time.
Monica: Like only if the queen comes?
Chandler: Maybe not even then. (Joey walks in)
Joey: Hey! I did it. I called my producer. I told him I had   a family emergency, he totally bought it. Thanks for teaching me how to lie   Pheebs.
Phoebe: No problem! Next
Monica: Bye plates!
Joey: Oh, you told her you broke all the plates, huh? (Chandler   walks back, looking angrily at Joey)
Monica: What? Something happened with the plates?
Joey: Uhm... (looks down) Yeah... this uhm... raccoon came   in...
